Soma Chaudhuri. Associate Professor of Sociology, Michigan State University. Menu. Research Expand child menu. Empowerment and Domestic Violence ...
Tina Eliassi-Rad is a Professor of Computer Science at Northeastern University in ... Prior to joining Northeastern, Tina was an Associate Professor of Computer ...
Soma Chaudhuri worked as an Associate Professor for Iowa State University (ISU) and in 2011 had a reported pay of $91237.
Virginia Williams has 9 Salary Records for Kaskaskia College (KC) ... Associate Professor Office Systems Technology Kaskaskia College, 2013, Virginia ...
Using mathematical theory, Virginia Williams coaxes algorithms to run faster or proves they've hit their maximum speed. Each semester, Associate Professor ...
View Tina Eliassi-Rad's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tina has ... Associate Professor at Khoury College of Computer Sciences.
Tina Eliassi-Rad is an Associate Professor at the Network Science Institute and the College of Computer and Information Science at Northeastern...
Associate Professor. Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 麻省理工学院 ... Yinzhan Xu ,Virginia Williams. symposium on discrete algorithms, pp.12-29, (2020).
About me. Bianca is an associate professor and Canada Research Chair in the Computer Science Department at the University of Toronto and a member of the ...
Tina Eliassi-Rad is Associate Professor of Computer and Information Science at Northeastern University. She is also on the faculty of Northeastern's Network ...
... Behavioral Research, professor of psychiatry and psychology, and associate professor of medicine at Duke University Medical Center. Virginia Williams, PhD ...
Nov 14, 2019 - Tina Eliassi-Rad is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Northeastern University in Boston, MA. She is also a core faculty member at ...
Bianca Schroeder. Bianca Schroeder. Associate Professor. Computer Science. IC. 460. 416.287.7235. bianca@cs.toronto.edu · Personal Website ...
Peace, Justice, and Conflict Resolution. Faculty Members. Program Director. Virginia Williams - Associate Professor of History. Bancroft Annex G07 ...
Apr 23, 2020 - The Department of Philosophy & Institute for Artificial Intelligence present an online lecture by Tina Eliassi-Rad, Associate Professor of ...
Bianca Schroeder. Associate Professor at University of Toronto. University of TorontoCarnegie Mellon University. Toronto, Canada Area423 connections.
View all. Follow. Sibel Adali. Professor of Computer Science, Associate Dean of Science for Research, Rensselaer Polytechnic. Verified email at cs.rpi.edu.
Dec 6, 2017 - Bianca is an associate professor and Canada Research Chair in the. Computer Science Department at the University of Toronto. She is also
Prof. Dr. Marina Gavrilova. Dr. Marina L. Gavrilova is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary. Dr. Gavrilova ...
View Sibel Adali's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science at Rensselaer ...Albany, New York Area - ‎Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Sibel Adali is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Her research interests include multimedia ...
Xiaoli FERN, Associate Professor of Oregon State University, Oregon (OSU) | Read 96 publications | Contact Xiaoli FERN.
Sibel Adali. Contact Info. Email, adalis@rpi.edu. On the Web. Homepage. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Rensselaer Polytechnic ...
Marina Gavrilova. Data Mining and Data ... She is currently an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary. Dr. Gavrilova's ...
Christina C Christara. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Arts and Science. Language: Greek. Campus. St. George. Faculty.
Bianca Schroeder. University of Toronto. Department of ... Bianca is an associate professor and Canada Research Chair in the Computer Science Department at ...by B Schroeder - ‎2016
Sibel Adali, Associate Professor Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Department of Computer Science. Profile Added Apr. 9, 2006 ...
Xiaoli FERN, Associate Professor of Oregon State University, Oregon (OSU) | Read 96 publications | Contact Xiaoli FERN.
2 Dr. Marina Gavrilova Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Computational Geometry ...
Sibel Adali. 职称:Associate Professor. 所属学校:Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 所属院系:Department of Information Technology and Web Science.
1994-18 Associate Professor Depart. of Computer Science, University of Toronto, ... Christina C. Christara and Nat Chun-Ho Leung, ''Option pricing with regime ...
Dr. Marina Gavrilova Associate Professor, BT Lab Head, Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada. CSED Week ...
Mar 31, 2002 - WEDDINGS; Amy Greenwald, Justin Boyan ... is also an associate professor of political science at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, ...
Christina C. Christara, Associate Professor University of Toronto Department of Computer Science. Dinesh Christendat, Assistant Professor University of Toronto
Bio: Sibel Adalı is an Associate Professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Her work concentrates on cross-cutting problems related to trust, information ...
Mar 5, 2014 - Marina Gavrilova. Marina L. Gavrilova is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary. Dr. Gavrilova ...
Also published under: X. Fern, Xiaoli Fern ... and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA, where she is currently an Associate Professor.
2015: BIANCA SCHROEDER. Bianca is an associate professor and Canada Research Chair in the Computer Science Department at the University of Toronto ...
CPSC 461 Clustering. Dr. Marina Gavrilova Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Lecture ...
Dr. Amy Greenwald is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Brown. University in Providence, Rhode Island. She studies game-theoretic and economic ...
Eric L. Chown, Associate Professor Bowdoin ... Christina C. Christara, Associate Professor University of ... Peter CHRISTEN, Associate Professor Australian ...
Roger Ely, Associate Professor Oregon State University ... T. Matthew Evans, Associate Professor Oregon State ... Xiaoli Fern, Assistant Professor Oregon State ...
Sibel Adali received her PhD in Computer Science from University of Maryland. Currently, she is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at ...by G Yaun - ‎2003 - ‎Cited by 5 - ‎Related articles
Phoebe Sengers. Home. Associate Professor Information Science / Science & Technology Studies · Cornell University. I am a faculty member in Information ...
Mar 14, 2017 - ... P. Chrisochoides 1992. Alumn Memorial Associate Professor ... 1989. Associate Professor of the Practice ... Christina C. Christara 1988
CSED Week Biometric Technologies Lab. Dr. Marina Gavrilova Associate Professor, BT Lab Head, Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, ...
Xiaoli Fern Oregon State University United States. Associate Professor, Department of EECS. Thomas G. Dietterich Oregon State Univserity United States.
Sibel Adali http://www.cs.rpi.edu/~sibel. Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute United States. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science Associate ...
Duy Minh Dang · Christina C. Christara · Kenneth R. Jackson. Pages: 849-866; First ... Professor/Associate Professor: Computer Science. Premium job.
Phoebe Sengers. Associate Professor. Phoebe Sengers. Bill and Melinda Gates Hall, Room 210 phoebe.sengers@cornell.edu · 607-255-6554 ...
Sep 6, 2016 - Marina Gavrilova, Professor, Department of Computer Science; Dr. Majid Ghaderi, Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science; Dr.
Dana Pe'er is associate professor at the Departments of Biological Sciences and Systems Biology at Columbia University. She received a Ph.D in Computer ...
My Mentor is Professor Amy Greenwald. She is an associate professor of Computer Science department at Brown University. Her research interest is in ...
Graduate Student, School of Computing. Ellen Riloff http://www.cs.utah.edu/~riloff/ University of Utah United States. Associate Professor, School of Computing.
Yanlei Diao. Associate Professor. Information and Computer Sciences. UMass Amherst. information infrastructures and data management systems. big data ...
Peter Jensen. Associate Professor, Lecturer. Office: MEB 3148 ... Associate Professor, USTAR. Office: WEB 4887. Phone ... Ellen Riloff. Professor. Office: MEB ...Email‎: ‎pajensen@cs.utah.eduPhone‎: ‎801.585.9418Office‎: ‎MEB 3148
Amy Greenwald And Seny Kamara Receive Promotions Brown University's ... Kamara will be promoted to Associate Professor with tenure, effective July 1, 2018.
photo of Dana Pe'er. Adjunct Professor. Email: ... https://www.mskcc.org/research-areas/labs/dana-pe-er. The function and ... Associate Professor. Office Phone:.
Jun 17, 2013 - Ellen Riloff is an Associate Professor of Computer Science in the. School of Computing at the University of Utah. Her primary research
Director ORIC/Associate Professor, Department of Chemical Engineering. Conference Secretary ... [7] Christina C Christara. Quadratic spline collocation.
Yanlei Diao. Associate Professor Department of Computer Science · University of Massachusetts Amherst. Email: {first-name}@cs.umass.edu. Phone: 413.545.
Phoebe Sengers is an associate professor in information science and science & technology studies at Cornell. Her group integrates ethnography, history, and ...
Yang Liu. Associate Professor, Electrical and Computer Engineering. Additional Titles: Researcher, University of Iowa Technology Institute. Researcher, Iowa ...
Srikumar Ramalingam, Associate Professor University of ... David Richerson, Adjunct Associate Professor University of ... Ellen Riloff, Professor University of ...
Mar 16, 2018 - Director ORIC/Associate Professor, Department of Chemical Engineering. Conference Secretary ... [7] Christina C Christara. Quadratic spline ...
Yang Liu. Associate Professor. Contact. yang.liu@liu.se · +46 13 28 20 54. 2054. iD icon 0000-0001-8006-3236. Organisation. Department of Management and ...
... information extraction, text categorization, and corpus-based knowledge acquisition. Contact. Name, Professor Ellen Riloff. Function, Associate Professor.
Dana Pe'er. Principal Investigator Associate Professor of Biology Associate Professor of Systems Biology. David van Dijk Postdoc. Elham Azizi Postdoc.
Selected Works of Yanlei Diao. Selected Works of. Save Cancel. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, College of Natural Sciences. Title
... Visit the Swanson School of Engineering · Open Positions. Yang Liu. Medicine, Bioengineering Department. Yang Liu. Associate Professor. O: (412) 623-3751.
Phoebe Sengers at Cornell University is an expert in Environmental ... Associate Professor Ithaca, New York pjs54@cornell.edu Office: (607) 255-6554 ...
Feb 2, 2016 - Dana Pe'er, PhD, Associate Professor of Biological Sciences and Computer Science, Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, ...
Yanlei Diao is an Associate Professor at the School of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Amherst. Her research interests lie in intelligent, real-time ...
Log in or sign up for Facebook to connect with friends, family and people you know. Log In. or. Sign Up · Phoebe Sengers · See Photos · Associate professor at ...
Dana Pe'er is an Associate Professor in the Department of Biological Sciences at Columbia University and regarded as one of the leading researchers in ...
Yanlei Diao is an Associate Professor at the School of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Amherst. Her research interests lie in intelligent, real-time ...
Jinyang Li. Associate Professor of Computer Science. Phone: 212.998.3098. Email: jinyang@cs.nyu ...
Yang Liu, PhD. Gastroenterology. Associate Professor of Bioengineering. Director, Biomedical Optical Imaging Laboratory. Member, University of Pittsburgh ...
Dana Pe'er is an associate professor in the Departments of Biological Sciences and Systems Biology. Our team develops computational methods that integrate ...
About Phoebe Sengers. Work. Cornell University. Associate professor · Ithaca, New York. Information Science and Science & Technology Studies. Education.
Jinyang Li is an associate professor of computer science at New York University. Her research interests are in large-scale distributed systems and cloud
Yanlei Diao. Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science,University of Massachusetts Amherst. Login to view email, homepage, and external links.
... 2000, Colorado, CS. Claire Cardie, Associate Professor, 1994, UMass, CS ... 1991, Toronto, CS. Phoebe Sengers, Assistant Professor, 1998, CMU, Unknown.
Add Event · Promote Event · Download App. Dana Pe'er. Speaker. Dana Pe'er. Associate Professor, Columbia University at Columbia University ...
Jinyang LI, Associate Professor of Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu | Read 31 publications | Contact Jinyang LI.
Associate Professor, Emory University Rollins School of Public Health. Email. yang.liu@emory.edu. Phone. (404) 727-2131 · View Profile ...
Dana Pe'er is an associate professor in the Departments of Biological Sciences and Systems Biology. Our team develops computational methods that integrate ...
Yanlei Diao is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Her research interests are in information architectures ...
Jinyang Li is an associate professor of computer science at New York University. Her research interests are in large-scale distributed syste...
Jun 19, 2014 - Dana Pe'er (Image 1), Associate Professor in the Department of Biological Sciences and Systems Biology at Columbia University in New York, ...by CN Fogg - ‎2014
Yanlei Diao (2017). Associate Professor University of Massachusetts System (Ums), 2017, Yanlei Diao, Associate Professor, University of Massachusetts System ...
... Professional Title: Associate Professor; E-Mail: jinyang.li@swjtu.edu.cn; Other Post: Status: Academic Titles: Associate Professor; Alma Mater: Yale University ...
Associate Professor in Cognitive & Computer Science. Menu. Publications · Grants · Courses. Tamara Sumner. Courses. Cognitive Science Research Practicum, ...
Dr. Yang Liu. Associate Professor. Link to CV. Degrees: Ph.D., Purdue University, USA; M.S., Tsinghua University, China; B.S., Tsinghua University, China ...
The 2013 recipient, Yanlei Diao, works in the area of big data analytics and intelligent, real-time uncertain data management. Yanlei is an Associate Professor at ...
Apr 7, 2020 - 2018-03-01 to present | Associate Professor (Materials Science and Engineering). Employment. Source: Prof. Jinyang Li. Preferred source ...
Mark W. Newman. Associate Professor School of Information EECS Department University of Michigan Bio | CV | Photos ...
Jinyang Li. Associate Professor, School of Materials Science and Technology, Southwest Jiaotong University. ยืนยันอีเมลแล้วที่ swjtu.edu.cn - หน้าแรก.
Associate Professor, Institute of Cognitive Science and Department of Computer. Science ... Sultan, Arafat Md , Steven Bethard, and Tamara Sumner. 2014.
Seda Ogrenci-Memik (SM'05) received the B.S. degree in electrical and electronic ... She is currently an Associate Professor with the Electrical Engineering and ...
View Yang Liu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yang has 2 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...Greater Pittsburgh Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Pittsburgh
54:51... Design Capacity in the Age of Peer Production / Tamara Sumner ... Sumner is also an Associate Professor ...Oct 30, 2015 - Uploaded by Be Boulder Anywhere
Feb 26, 2015 - Seda Ogrenci-Memik has been featured with a report, titled, "Too Hot To ... Sega Ogrenci-Memik, associate professor of electrical engineering ...
Jinyang Li is an associate professor of Management at the School of Information. Management, Hubei University of Economics. She received her Ph.D. in ...
Oct 3, 2008 - Tamara Sumner is executive director of Digital Learning Sciences in the ... Sumner is also an associate professor at the University of Colorado, ...
Associate Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Assistant ... J. Long, D. Li, Seda Ogrenci-Memik, S. Ulgen, “Theory and Analysis for ...
Associate Professor NYU Stern School of Business. Banner Image. Jinyang Li Professor NYU Computer Science. Banner Image. Helen Nissenbaum Professor
Heng Ji is Edward G. Hamilton Development Chair Associate Professor in Computer Science of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. She received her Ph.D. in ...
Aug 26, 2020 - Sidney D'Mello, a CU associate professor in the Institute of Cognitive ... For example, CU computer science professor Tamara Sumner “will go ...
Seda Ogrenci Memik; Published 2016; Materials Science. Northwestern University Associate Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ...
Oct 23, 2006 - ... computational techniques to accurately identify facts associated with events," said Ellen Riloff, associate professor of computer science at the ...
Jul 29, 2010 - ... more effective in their curriculum planning and in classroom instruction," said CU-Boulder Associate Professor Tamara Sumner, the executive ...
Heng Ji,an expert in natural language processing, has been appointed as the Edward P. Hamilton Development Chair and Tenured Associate Professor in ...
Jun 17, 2019 - Cristina Conati Associate Professor Faculty of Science Dept. of Computer Science Vancouver Campus Fields Computers, Technology ...
Patterns. Yejin Choi, Claire Cardie, Ellen Riloff, and Siddharth Patwardhan. Human Language Technology ... Ellen Riloff. Associate Professor. University of Utah.
View Heng Ji's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Heng has 1 job ... Saman Zonouz. Associate Professor at Rutgers University.Urbana, Illinois - ‎Professor - ‎University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Northwestern University Seda Ogrenci Memik FAX: 847-467-4144. Evanston, IL ... Associate Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
Other authors. Ellen Riloff; Ashequl Qadir; Prafulla Surve; Lalindra De Silva; Nathan Gilbert ... Associate Professor at The University of Texas at Austin. Austin, TX.
tamarasumner.org - Tamara Sumner – Associate Professor in Cognitive & Computer Science.
Seda Ogrenci-Memik is an Associate Professor at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department of Northwestern University, Illinois, where her ...
View Cristina Conati's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Cristina ... Associate Professor of Teaching, University of British Columbia.
Seda Ogrenci-Memik (Associate Professor, Northwestern University, Electrical Engineering and Computer. Kõik; Eestikeelsed; Ingliskeelsed raamatud ...
Associate Professor, Indiana University. Website. Funda Ergun's research focuses on algorithms for large data. With a background in randomized/sublinear ...
Dr. Polina Golland. Associate Professor at MIT. Polina Golland. Websites. MIT CSAIL home page. Research Role. Collaborator. Grant Number.
Aug 24, 2013 - This year, that list includes CUNY's very own Professor Heng Ji! ... as the Edward G. Hamilton Development Chair and Associate Professor.
Cristina Conati, University of British Columbia. Profile photo of Cristina Conati, expert at University of British Columbia. Associate Professor Computer Science ...
Seda Ogrenci-Memik is an Associate Professor at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department of Northwestern University, Illinois, where her ...
Cristina Conati, Associate Professor, 1999, Pittsburgh, Unknown. Anne Condon, Professor, 1987, Washington, CSE. Nando De Freitas, Assistant Professor ...
Associate Professor Funda Ergun received her B.S. in Computer Science from Bilkent University and her Ph.D. in Computer Science from Cornell University.
Jan 12, 2012 - Polina Golland's parents tell the story that, sometime in the early ... Golland, now a newly tenured associate professor in the Department of ...
I am an Associate Professor at the Computer Science Department at Stanford ... Fei-Fei Li. Director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab. Director of the ...
May 9, 2020 - Heng Ji. Already downloaded more than 350 times, PaperRobot automatically ... Hanghang Tong, Associate Professor: Hypothesis generation ...
Mar 18, 2013 - Cristina Conati, Associate Professor, University of British Columbia and ISP alumnus. The potential of computers as interactive tools that ...
Polina Golland. Henry Ellis Warren (1894) Professor of Electrical ... Prof. Stefanie Jegelka. Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ...
Mark W. Newman, Professional Name, Mark E.J. Newman. Associate Professor, Title, Anatol Rapoport Distinguished University Professor. School of Information
Fei-Fei Li is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at Stanford, and the Director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab and the Stanford ...
Polina Golland - Associate Professor @ Massachusetts Institute of Technology - MIT.
Nov 6, 2013 - Bio: Cristina Conati is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada. She and her ...
Mark W. Newman is an Associate Professor in the School of Information and the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of ...
Jim Drummond, Associate Professor Indiana University ... Jeremy Dunning, Associate Professor Indiana University ... Funda Ergun, Associate Professor
Fei-Fei Li is a Chinese-born American computer scientist, non-profit executive, and writer. ... She joined Stanford in 2009 as an assistant professor, and was promoted to associate professor with tenure in 2012, and then full professor in 2017.Doctoral students‎: ‎Olga Russakovsky‎; ‎Timnit G...Born‎: ‎1976 (age 43–44); ‎BeijingDoctoral advisor‎: ‎Pietro Perona‎; ‎Christof KochNationality‎: ‎American
May 1, 2020 - Two years ago, Heng Ji, a professor at the computer science ... Yu Minlan, an associate professor at Harvard's school of engineering and ...
Associate Professor of Information, University of Michigan - ‪Cited by 6942‬ - ‪Human-Computer Interaction‬ - ‪Ubiquitous Computing‬ ... Mark W. Newman.
Dr Polina Golland, PhD. Dr Golland is an Associate Professor in the EECS Department and the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) ...
Cristina Conati University of British Columbia Canada. Computer Science, Associate Professor. Giuseppe Carenini University of British Columbia Canada.
PhD student with Cenk Sahinalp and Funda Ergun ... Associate Professor, Department of Public Health Sciences, Medical University of South Carolina, USA.
Mark W. Newman is an Associate Professor in the School of Information and the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of ...
Fei-Fei Li. Photo of Prof. Fei-Fei Li. Fei-Fei. Li. Associate Professor at Stanford University. Stanford University. Director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab ...
Cristina Conati, Dr. Conati is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia. She received a “Laurea” degree (M.Sc.by C Conati - ‎2007 - ‎Cited by 159 - ‎Related articles
Dec 9, 2016 - Prof. Flinn has been an active researcher in the field of mobile computing for a number of years.
Nov 14, 2014 - ... Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. ... Shah and EECS associate professor Polina Golland -- assumed that ...
Funda Ergun (Indiana University, Bloomington & Simon Fraser University) ... Maria-Florina Balcan is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science ...
Fei-Fei Li is the Director of the Stanford AI Lab, as well as an Associate Professor at Stanford. Prior to joining Stanford, she was on faculty at Princeton University ...
Mark W. Newman, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, I am an associate professor in the School of ...
Hari Balakrishnan, Associate Professor, 1998, Berkeley, CS. Regina Barzilay, Assistant ... Polina Golland, Assitant Professor, 2001, MIT, EECS. W. Eric Grimson ...
Curated profile of Fei Fei Li, Associate Professor, Stanford University including career history, news and intelligence, portfolio companies and investments.
Mark W. Newman is an Associate Professor in the School of Information and the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of ...
Associate Professor at George Mason University. George Mason ... Fei-Fei Li. Professor, Computer Science Dept, Stanford; Co-Director, Stanford ...Fairfax, Virginia - ‎Associate Professor - ‎George Mason University
Mark W Newman. Associate Professor, School of Information & CSE. ·. Rayoung Yang. Ph.D. Candidate, School of Information. ·. Gaurav Paruthi. Gaurav is a 4th ...
Funda Ergun, "Periodicity in Data Streams", July 19, 15:40 | Mühendislik ve Doğa ... her move to Simon Fraser University, where she is an associate professor.
Jun 18, 2020 - Tag: Polina Golland ... lead; and Timothy Lu, associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science and of biological engineering.
Barna Saha. headshot. faculty. Position: Associate Professor.
Associate professor at NYU Biology. NYU Biology ... Fei-Fei Li. Professor, Computer Science Dept, Stanford; Co-Director, Stanford Human-Centered AI Institute.Greater New York City Area - ‎Associate professor - ‎NYU Biology
"It allows people who are going to a common destination keep track of each other," says Jason Flinn, associate professor of Computer Science & Engineering for ...
Laura Dabbish. Associate Professor, Carnegie Mellon University. About · COEXLAB. View fullsize. 27ef868543abf9c4e16439c1aeb8f0bd.jpg ...
... check back often to see what others are talking about! Welcome aboard! Mark W. Newman, Associate Professor School of Information, University of Michigan ...
Robert Moll, Associate Professor Emeritus · Cameron Musco, Assistant Professor · Arnold Rosenberg, Distinguished Professor Emeritus · Barna Saha, Associate ...
11/2015 -. Research. Experience. Postdoctoral Associate, Advisor: Dr. Polina Golland ... Associate Professor in Computer Science. Scientific Computing and ...
Nov 14, 2013 - Fei-Fei Li, earlier today. Dr. Li, Associate Professor of Computer Science and Director of the Stanford Vision Lab, gave a compelling talk on the ...
Mark W. Newman (mwnewman@umich.edu) is a researcher with an interest in ubiquitous computing and end-user programming; he is an Associate Professor ...by JS Bauer - ‎2014 - ‎Cited by 20 - ‎Related articles
Barna Saha worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) and in ... Barna Saha (2016) ... Clinical Associate Professor
Jason Flinn is an associate professor of computer science and engineering at the University of Michigan. His research interests include operating systems, ...
... CSAIL, MIT, advised by Polina Golland and postdoc with Mert Sabuncu and John Guttag. ... Associate Professor at MIT and Chief Health Strategist at ASAPP.
1:20:30Associate Professor Jason Flinn. Jason Flinn is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and Engineering ...Jul 27, 2018 - Uploaded by Microsoft Research
Laura Dabbish · Associate Professor at Carnegie Mellon University; Director of the Connected Experience Lab · Activity · Experience · Education · Volunteer ...
Rachel Pottinger. I'm an Associate Professor and the Associate Head for the Computer Science Undergraduate Program at the Computer Science Department at ...
The latest Tweets from Laura Dabbish (@dabbish). associate professor, carnegie mellon university - HCI institute & heinz college - social tech + new forms of ...
Jul 8, 2019 - Javad Lavaei , an associate professor of industrial engineering and ... Barna Saha , a newly appointed assistant professor of industrial ...
Boldyreya also serves as an associate professor for the Georgia Institute of Technology and coordinator for the information security master's program in the ...
Kevin Field, Associate Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Nuclear ... Jason Flinn, Assistant Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Electrical ...
Brian D. Noble and Jason Flinn. University of ... 936-2971. Jason Flinn is an Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Uni-.by BD Noble - ‎Cited by 22 - ‎Related articles
Aug 30, 2018 - School of Computer Science Associate Professor Alexandra Boldyreva recently served as program co-chair for one of largest cryptography ...
in open collaboration environments. Laura Dabbish. Associate Professor. Human-Computer Interaction Institute & Heinz College. Carnegie Mellon University ...
Oct 3, 2016 - Barna Saha (algorithms & data management) ... Applicants at the Associate Professor level should submit the names and contact information ...
Marius Junge, Associate Professor University of ... Samuel Kamin, Associate Professor University of ... Karrie G. Karahalios, Assistant Professor University of ...
Oct 13, 2008 - Bio: Jason Flinn is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and Engineer- ing at the University of Michigan. His research interests include ...
Hyunyoung Lee, PhD. TEES Research Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science and Engineering · Texas A&M University College Station, TX ...
... Arjun Guha, Amir Houmansadr, Vangelis Kalogerakis, Arya Mazumdar, Alexandra Meliou, Barna Saha, and Dan Sheldon to Associate Professor with tenure; ...
Laura A. Dabbish. Associate Professor of Information Technology & Organizations. Director, Connected Experience Lab. Human-Computer Interaction Institute, ...
Alexandra Boldyreva is an associate professor in the School of Computer Science of the College of Computing at Georgia Tech where she carries out research ...by A Boldyreva - ‎2014 - ‎Cited by 6 - ‎Related articles
Karrie G Karahalios. Lived in: Urbana, IL ... Karrie Karahalios Associate Professor at UIUC. Position: Associate ... Associate Professor, University of Illinois
View Hyunyoung Lee's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Hyunyoung has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Bryan/College Station, Texas Area - ‎Research Associate Professor - ‎Texas A&M University
Rachel Pottinger is the associate head of the undergraduate program and an associate professor in computer science at the University of British Columbia.
Faculty News. Professor Barna Saha conferred IIT Kanpur Young Alumnus Award ... and Salar Fattahi and Associate Professor Javad Lavaei were awarded the ...
... Computer Interaction Institute(HCII) Connected Experience Lab(Co-Ex Lab) directed by Professor Laura Dabbish. ... Laura Dabbish, Associate Professor ...
Karrie G. Karahalios, Associate Professor, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign IL. Sunaina did an excellent job in making complex topics easy to understand ...
Alexandra BoldyrevaAssociate Professor, School of Computer Science, Georgia Institute of TechnologyVerified email at gatech.edu. Yuval IshaiVerified email at ...
Rachel Pottinger, University of British Columbia. Profile photo of Rachel Pottinger, expert at University of British Columbia. Associate Professor Computer ...
View the profiles of professionals named "Hyunyoung Lee" on LinkedIn. There are 30+ ... Research Associate Professor at Texas A&M University. College ...
Alexandra BoldyrevaAssociate Professor, School of Computer Science, Georgia Institute of TechnologyGeverifieerd e-mailadres voor gatech.edu.
Laura Dabbish. [dabbish at cmu.edu]. Associate Professor, Human-Computer Interaction Institute, Carnegie Mellon University ...
... Alexandra Meliou to Associate Professor w/tenure, Barna Saha to Associate Professor w/tenure, Dan Sheldon to Associate Professor w/tenure, Neena Thota ...
Cristina Conati, Associate Professor, 1999, Pittsburgh, Unknown. Anne Condon ... Rachel Pottinger, Assistant Professor, 2004, Washington, CSE. Ronald A.
Curriculum Vitae Hyunyoung Lee Department of Computer Science and Engineering Texas A&M ... Annie S. McGowan Associate Professor, Accounting. VITA.
Minaxi Gupta is an Associate Professor of Computer Science in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University (Bloomington). She has been ...
Associate Professor. The University of British ... Other authors. Hasan Burak Çavka; Rachel Pottinger, PhD ... Madhav Nepal; Rachel Pottinger; April Webster ...
in the Graduate College of the. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 2013. Urbana, Illinois. Adviser: Associate Professor Karrie G. Karahalios ...by D CHOPRA - ‎2013 - ‎Related articles
Alexandra (Sasha) Boldyreva, Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science in ... Co-authored by Skyhigh and Georgia Tech's Alexandra Boldyreva, ...
Jun 24, 2019 - ... Associate Professor Vetle I. Torvik, iSchool; Professor Karrie G. Karahalios, Computer Science; Professor Robert J. Brunner, Accountancy ...
Alexandra BoldyrevaAssociate Professor, School of Computer Science, Georgia Institute ... Thomas RistenpartAssociate Professor of Computer Science, Cornell ...
Minaxi Gupta received the Ph.D. degree in computer science from the Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, in 2004. She is an Associate Professor with the ...
... at Texas A&M University, where he is now an Associate Professor. ... Hyunyoung Lee received the BS and MS degrees from Ewha University in 1987 and ...by A Klappenecker - ‎2014 - ‎Cited by 109 - ‎Related articles
Apr 12, 2018 - Short Bio: Rachel Pottinger is an Associate Professor in Computer Science at the University of British Columbia. She received her PhD in ...
Oct 3, 2011 - Understanding and Mitigating Spam on Web Forums. Minaxi Gupta. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science. Indiana University ...
Associate Professor J. Stephen Downie, Chair. Professor Michael B. Twidale, Director of Research. Associate Professor Kyratso (Karrie) G. Karahalios.
Associate Professor. University of Massachusetts, Amherst (umass.edu) ... Arya Mazumdar, Barna Saha. 2017 (modified: 16 Jul 2019); AAAI 2017; Readers: ...
... lack of diversity in computer science and software programming. Colleen Addison talks to Rachel Pottinger, associate professor of computer science at UBC.
Hagit Shatkay, an associate professor of computer and information sciences and center for biomedical engineering research, focuses on biomedical text mining, ...
Minaxi Gupta is an Associate Professor of Computer Science in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University. (Bloomington). She has been ...
View Yiling Chen's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yiling has 3 ... John L. Loeb Associate Professor of Natural Sciences. Harvard ...Greater Boston Area - ‎Gordon McKay Professor of Computer Science - ‎Harvard University
View Hagit Shatkay's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Hagit has 4 ... Hagit Shatkay. Professor at ... Associate Professor. University ...Washington D.C. Metro Area - ‎Professor - ‎University of Delaware
Feb 23, 2018 - Barbara Di Eugenio, Associate Professor of Computer Science (Photo: Roberta Dupuis Devlin). Print Friendly, PDF & Email. Today ...
Associate Professor Information Science, Cornell University. Computer & Information Science; Mobile Sensing; Reality Mining. Contact. Tanzeem Choudhury, PhD
Associate Professor of Computer Science and Informatics. kapadia@indiana.edu (812) 856-1465 ... Minaxi Gupta Associate Professor of Computer Science.
View Yiling Chen's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor at EPFL (École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne).Minneapolis, Minnesota - ‎Postdoctoral Associate - ‎University of Minnesota
Sep 1, 2010 - Hagit Shatkay. As of September 2010 I have moved to the University of Delaware My new coordinates: Associate Professor 416 Smith Hall.
Barbara Di Eugenio worked as an Associate Professor for the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) and in 2012 had a reported pay of $104215.
Aug 10, 2012 - Hagit Shatkay is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences and Head of the Computational Biomedicine ...
View Tanzeem Choudhury's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Founder & CEO at Earable and Associate Professor at University of Oxford.
Barbara Di Eugenio received the doctorate degree. She is currently an associate professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She has published extensively ...
Minaxi Gupta, Assistant Professor Indiana University ... Esfandiar Haghverdi, Associate Professor Indiana University ... Matthew Hahn, Associate Professor
Barbara Di Eugenio, department of Computer Science University of Illinois at Chicago, ... ... Associate Professor. department of Computer Science University of ...
Aug 29, 2014 - Dr. Hagit Shatkay-Reshef, associate professor Computer and Information Sciences at the University of Delaware, earned a B.Sc. and M.Sc. at ...
Tanzeem Choudhury is an associate professor in Information Science at Cornell University and directs the People-Aware Computing group. She received her ...
Aug 30, 2018 - Led by UIC's Barbara Di Eugenio and Andrew Boyd, the funding will ... associate professor of biomedical and health information sciences in the ...
View Hagit Shatkay's business profile as Professor at University of Delaware. ... Hagit Shatkay's latest job experience is Associate Professor at Queen's ...
Computer science associate professor Minaxi Gupta provided further insight, explaining the situation from the companies' points of view. “The problem is that ...
Tanzeem Choudhury is an associate professor of information science at Cornell University. She serves as director of the People-Aware Computing group and ...
Mar 21, 2016 - Yiling Chen, a 2005 doctoral graduate of the College of Information Sciences ... She was promoted to associate professor in 2012 and to full ...
Donna Slonim is an Associate Professor at Tufts University, with appointments in Computer Science and Genetics. She received her BS from Yale University and ...
Adjunct Associate Professor of Telecommunications. email: ljcamp a indiana.edu web: http://ljean.com/ ... Minaxi Gupta. Assistant Professor of Computer Science.
Hagit Shatkay is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences and Head of the Computational Biomedicine Lab at the University ...
Yiling Chen is the John L. Loeb Associate Professor of Natural Sciences and Associate Professor of Computer Science at Harvard University. She received her ...
Hagit Shatkay is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences and Head of the Computational Biomedicine Lab at the University ...
Barbara Di Eugenio, UIC associate professor of computer science. Today is the first day of National Computer Science Education Week and the 107th birthday ...
Associate Professor. Dr. Tanzeem Choudhury directs the People-Aware Computing group at Cornell University, which aims to build novel wearables and mobile ...
Mar 28, 2013 - Minaxi Gupta, Associate Professor Minaxi Gupta is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at IUB. She received a Ph.D.
This directory covers Yiling Chen. ... Directory of Profiled Business People: Yiling Chen. Chemberlain, Harriso - Cheng ... phone. Direct. Associate Professor.
Hagit Shatkay is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences and Head of the Computational Biomedicine Lab at the University ...
Assistant or Associate Professor in Computational Statistics ... Contact. Jeff Foster (search chair); Donna Slonim (ISCB and search committee member).
... need to make mobile sensing really successful and effective across a wide range of people." - Tanzeem Choudhury, Associate Professor, Cornell University ...
... Tanzeem Choudhury is the President and CEO at HealthRhythms and an Associate Professor of Computing and Information Science at Cornell University.
Hagit Shatkay is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Sciences and Head of the Computational Biomedicine Lab at the University ...
October 30, 2013 11:00am-12:00pm Computer Science Conference Room Speaker: Yiling Chen, Associate Professor, School of Engineering and Applied ...
DONNA SLONIM. 职称:Associate Professor. 所属学校:Tufts University. 所属院系:Department of Computer Science. 所属专业:Human Computer Interaction.
View Wallapak Tavanapong's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Wallapak has 1 job ... Associate Professor at Iowa State University.Ames, Iowa - ‎Professor of Computer Science - ‎Iowa State University
Matthias Scheutz , Associate Professor Tufts University Department of Computer ... Donna Slonim, Assistant Professor Tufts University Department of Computer ...
Items 311 - 320 of 324 - Yiling Chen, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, Harvard ... Dennis Crouch, Associate Professor, University of Missouri School of ...
Tanzeem Choudhury is an associate professor in Computing and Information Science at Cornell University and directs the People-Aware Computing group.
Oct 18, 2012 - BIO: Barbara Di Eugenio is Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois, Chicago campus. There she ...
View Brigitte Pientka's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Brigitte has 1 job listed on their ... Associate Professor at McGill University.Montreal, Canada Area - ‎Full Professor - ‎McGill University
Wallapak Tavanapong, PhD, Chief Technical Officer and Founder of EndoMetric. Dr. Tavanapong is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Iowa State ...
Sep 12, 2014 - Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science Donna Slonim and Robinson Professor of Chemistry David Walt collaborated to ...
RL Lab · SOCS · McGill University. Doina Precup's Home Page. Associate Professor School of Computer Science · McGill University Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Evimaria Terzi Associate Professor, Computer Science. December 11th, 2014. Research Interests: Algorithmic data mining with emphasis on (social) network ...
With the assistance of collaborators Dr. Donna Slonim, an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Tufts University, and Drs. Marco Ramoni and Gil ...
Wallapak Tavanapong worked as an Associate Professor for Iowa State University (ISU) and in 2011 had a reported pay of $52639.39.
Professor. Brigitte Pientka. Brigitte Pientka. Associate Professor Computer Science Science McGill Universitybrigitte.pientka2@mcgill.ca 3982583. Professor.
Associate Professor, McGill University, DeepMind ... Doina Precup teaches at McGill while conducting fundamental research on reinforcement learning, working ...
Evimaria Terzi. Associate Professor, CAS Computer Science. Title Associate Professor, CAS Computer Science; Email evimaria@bu.edu. Roles: Faculty Mentor ...
Bio: Brigitte Pientka is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University, and leading the Computation and Logic group.
View Doina Precup's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Doina has 2 jobs ... Associate Professor at McGill University. Montreal, QC.
Oct 10, 2019 - Raquel Hill is a tenured associate professor and chair of the Computer and Information Sciences Department. Prior to joining Spelman College, ...
Associate Professor. Office, Email, Phone. Parallel Processing, Information Integration and Information Retrieval, Applications of Special Relativity. Wallapak ...
May 8, 2014 - Brigitte Pientka is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University, Montreal, Canada. She received her Ph.D.
Contact. Dr. Wallapak Tavanapong. Associate Professor of Computer Science. Associate Chair. Department of Computer Science. 232 Atanasoff Hall.
Dr. Raquel Hill is the Director of Cybersecurity and an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Indiana University's School of Informatics, Computing, and ...
May 29, 2016 - Bio: Brigitte Pientka is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University, Montreal, Canada. She received her ...
Doina PRECUP, Associate Professor of McGill University, Montréal (McGill) | Read 310 publications | Contact Doina PRECUP.
Brigitte Pientka, Professor ... Joan F. Power, Associate Professor McGill University Department of Analytical-Environmental. Doina Precup, Associate Professor
Apr 2, 2019 - Dr. Raquel Hill is an Associate Professor of Computer Science in the School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering at Indiana University.
Evimaria Terzi. Associate Professor of Computer Science, Boston University. Dirección de correo verificada de cs.bu.edu. Data MiningAlgorithms.
Dec 4, 2006 - ... said Johnny Wong, an Iowa State professor of computer science, and Wallapak Tavanapong, an Iowa State associate professor of computer ...
Brigitte Pientka is an Associate Professor in the School at Ontario North Tech University, and leading the Computation and Logic group. She received her PhD ...
View Raquel Hill's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest ... Raquel Hill. Atlanta ... Associate Professor at Indiana University Bloomington.
Evimaria Terzi. Associate Professor. Computer Science Department MCS 280, Boston University. Login to view email, homepage, and external links. Update ...
2:25Apr 25, 2016 - Uploaded by Indiana UniversityIn this video, Raquel Hill, an associate professor of computer science in the School of Informatics and ...
Nov 30, 2018 - Keynote speakers are Mark Harman, an Engineering Manager at Facebook London, and Brigitte Pientka, an Associate Professor in the School ...
Jay NEWELL, Associate professor of Iowa State University, IA (ISU) | Read 14 publications | Contact ... Sherry Berghefer · Jay Newell · Wallapak Tavanapong.
Oct 6, 2017 - We are delighted that DeepMind Montreal will be led by one of the pioneers of this community, Doina Precup, Associate Professor in the School ...
Aug 6, 2019 - Raquel Hill, Ph.D. '02 (computer science) hooded Amber Johnson, the first ... She most recently served as an associate professor of computer ...
Makariy Tanatar, Associate Professor Iowa State University Department of Physics and Astronomy. Wallapak Tavanapong, Professor Iowa State University
Doina Precup. PhD. Associate Professor | Montreal, Quebec Canada. Specialties : Bioinformatics. Speaks about : Bioinformatics, Artificial Intelligence,...More.
Bio: Raquel Hill is an Associate Professor of Computer Science in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University. She is also a Visiting Scholar ...
Aditi Majumder is an associate professor at the Department of Computer Science in University of California, Irvine. She received her PhD from Department of ...
Associate Professor, School of Computer Science, McGill University. Doina Precup received her B.Sc. from the Computer Science Department, Technical ...
View Raquel Urtasun's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor at University of Toronto, Director of AI at NVIDIA.
Nov 9, 2017 - Jayne Wu, associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, aims to reduce disease diagnosis time. Eda, ...
29:12... Unusually-Routed ASes. Evimaria Terzi, Associate Professor & Associate Chair of Academics ...Nov 18, 2019
Jie Gao is an associate professor at the Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University. She received her Ph.D degree from the Department of ...
Raquel Urtasun. Head of Uber ATG Toronto ... NSERC EWR Steacie Fellow Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto
WATE-TV's Lori Tucker talked with Jayne Wu, associate professor of computer science and electrical engineering in the College of Engineering, and Shigetoshi ...
Cooper is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science in the Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science. She received her Ph.
Raquel Urtasun is Uber ATG Chief Scientist and the Head of Uber ATG Toronto. She is also an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at ...
Sep 9, 2019 - Raquel Urtasun is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto and a Canada Research Chair in ...
KENDRA COOPER is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at The University of Texas at Dallas; she has an Adjunct faculty position at ...by S Fraser - ‎2012 - ‎Cited by 2 - ‎Related articles
Jie (Jayne) Wu Curriculum Vitae Jie (Jayne) Wu Associate Professor, Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science The University of Tennessee, ...
Aug 11, 2007 - Associate Professor (2009-2014) ... Aditi Majumder and M. Gopi, “Introduction to Visual Computing: Core Concepts in Computer. Vision ...
Raquel Urtasun is the head of Uber ATG Toronto. She is also an associate professor in the department of computer science at the University of Toronto, ...
Kendra Cooper Independent Scholar Canada. Professor Agostino ... Professor/Associate Professor: Computer Science. Premium job. Global Academy Jobs.
Jayne Wu , associate professor of computer science and electrical engineering at the University of Tennessee (UnTen), Knoxville, and Shigetoshi Eda, a.
Aug 25, 2017 - Uploaded by IU LuddyCSI's own Associate Professor Raquel Hill presented at the conference work that was done in collaboration ...
Visualizing the future. Associate professor Aditi Majumder's lab team develops better, simpler, cheaper display technologies. Read the story below or view it on ...
Dr. Jie Gao. Associate Professor. gaojie@mst.edu; Phone: (573) 341-6516; Fax: (573) 341-4607; 229 Toomey Hall. Research Interests: Nanophotonics devices ...
Raquel Urtasun is the Head of Uber ATG Toronto. She is also an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University o...
View Kendra Cooper's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Director of Therapeutic Endoscopy, Associate Professor of Medicine at Johns ...
Jie Gao. Associate Professor. Ph.D. Columbia University 2012. M.Sc. Columbia University 2007. B.Sc. University of Science and Technology of China 2005.
Jayne Wu. Associate Professor Medical and Health science. Chongqing University China. Biography. Research Interest. Publications. Global Experts from China.
Feb 16, 2017 - Raquel Hill is an Associate Professor in the Center of Security Informatics at Indiana University. She is a Ph.D. graduate of Harvard University, ...
Aditi Majumder is an associate professor at the Department of Computer Science in University of. California, Irvine. She received her PhD from Department of ...
Oct 1, 2019 - Urtasun, an associate professor in the department of computer science, envisions the city becoming a world leader in AI thanks in large part to the ...
Sep 20, 2017 - Embed Tweet. Meet one of CSI's brilliant minds: Associate Professor Raquel Hillhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fdakCdxqkU …
Experience Associate Professor (2008-Present). Department of ... Alvin J. Law, Daniel Aliaga, Zygmut Pizlo, Behzad Sajadi, Aditi Majumder, Perceptually Based.
... in Noisy Spatial and Biological Data, Ph.D., 2006 (now Associate Professor, ... Ph.D., 2011 (jointly with Kendra Cooper, now Assistant Professor, University of ...
Associate Professor, Chinese Academy of Science on Computing, Beijing, China. Jayne Wu, Postdoc, 2004, Professor of Electrical Engineering, University of ...
Associate Professor. Email: hyesoon@cc.gatech.edu. Research Areas: Architecture. About: Dr. Hyesoon Kim received her Ph.D. degree in electrical and ...
Associate Professor, University of Toronto - ‪Cited by 1452‬ - ‪operating systems‬ - ‪compilers‬ - ‪file systems‬ ... Angela Demke Brown. Associate Professor ...
Bio: Aditi Majumder is an associate professor at the Department of Computer Science in University of California, Irvine. She received her PhD from Department ...
Jan 5, 2015 - Amarda Shehu, associate professor of Computer Science, who works at the intersection of computer science and biology, grew up without a ...
Jie Gao worked as an Associate Professor for Stony Brook University (SBU) and in 2017 had a reported pay of $117149.38.
Jinwoo ShinAssociate Professor, KAIST AI & EEVerified email at kaist.ac.kr. Jiayuan MengArgonne National LaboratoryVerified email at alcf.anl.gov.
View Angela Demke Brown's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... Liked by Angela Demke Brown ... Associate Professor at University of Toronto.
Jun 25, 2009 - Lenore Zuck Associate Professor Department of Computer Science 851 S. Morgan (M/C 152) Room 1120 SEO Chicago, IL 60607-7053 ...
Takakazu Yumoto. Professor, Director of CICASP. Andrew MacIntosh. Associate Professor ... Jie Gao. PhD Candidate. Language and Intelligence Section ...
Sep 13, 2013 - Dr. Hyesoon Kim, PhD, ECE, 2007, has just been promoted to Associate Professor of Computer Science with tenure at Georgia Tech. Her PhD ...
Amarda SHEHU, Associate Professor of George Mason University, VA (GMU) | Read 179 publications | Contact Amarda SHEHU.
Angela Demke Brown is an Associate Professor and the Associate Chair for Graduate Studies in the Department of Computer Science at the University of ...
Lenore Zuck. Email Address: zuck@uic.edu. College: Engineering Department: Computer Science Title: Associate Professor Office: 1140 SEO Phone: 5-1339
Advisors: Professors Hyesoon Kim and Joy Arulraj. Master of Computer ... Hyesoon Kim. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science,. Georgia ...
Jie Gao. Associate Professor at Stony Brook University. Che footer logo. 1255 23rd Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20037 © 2020 The Chronicle of Higher ...
Jul 10, 2018 - Suprio Ray (PhD 2015) supervised by Associate Professor Angela Demke Brown, is an Assistant Professor at University of New Brunswick.
Associate Professor. Description. Software Engineering, Software Requirements ... Kendra Cooper. University of Texas at Dallas. Vili Podgorelec. University of ...
Amarda SHEHU, Associate Professor of George Mason University, VA (GMU) | Read 177 publications | Contact Amarda SHEHU.
Oct 21, 2005 - Lenore Zuck is an associate professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Her background is in formal methods. Her recent work includes ...
Embed Tweet. Congrats Hyesoon Kim on promotion to associate professor with tenure!pic.twitter.com/CCWnwwXT94. 6:44 AM - 27 Mar 2013. 0 replies 0 ...
Browse Missouri S&T Academic Units. JIE GAO. Associate Professor ... Journal: International Journal of Optics, Vol 21, Issue 12. Scholars: JIE GAO. 2019. Article ...
Find Lenore Zuck's phone number, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online ... Title: Associate Professor; Company: University Of Illinois At Chicago ...
14:58Lecture by Hyesoon Kim Associate Professor Georgia Institute of Technology A Special Workshop on ...Dec 7, 2014 - Uploaded by HPS Research Group
View Nancy Day's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Nancy ... Associate Professor, David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science, ...Waterloo, Ontario, Canada - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Waterloo
Dr. Rym Zalila-Wenkstern is an Associate Professor at the Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science. She holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science ...
Lenore Zuck, Associate Professor University of Illinois, Chicago Department of Computer Science. Profile Added May 8, 2005 ...
Hyesoon Kim (2016). Associate Professor Georgia Institute of Technology, 2016, Hyesoon Kim, Associate Professor, Georgia Institute of Technology, View ...
Amarda Shehu Associate Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $113,975. Pay components: Base salary: $113,975. George Mason University rank, 560 of ...
Jul 17, 2020 - Nancy Day. Associate Professor. David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science · University of Waterloo · Home; Publications. Journals/ ...
Participating Supervisors. Angela Demke Brown. Associate Professor. My interests are in operating systems, file system reliability, run-time adaptation, binary ...
Lenore Zuck, UIC associate professor of computer science, is among the scientists tackling the problems. Zuck is a principal investigator along with University of ...
Amarda Shehu worked as an Associate Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2015 had a reported pay of $101850.
Associate Professor. Nancy Day. nday@uwaterloo.ca. 519-888-4567, ext. 35321. Location: DC 2335. Link to Profile: Nancy Day. Link to Personal Website or CV:.
Rym Zalila-Wenkstern, Associate Professor of Computer Science at UT Dallas and Director of both the Executive Master's of Software Engineering Program and ...
View J. Clore's business profile as Associate Professor of Clinical Psychology and ... J. Clore's colleagues are Yolanda Thomas, Lenore Zuck, Rhonda Kineman, ...
Dr. Amarda Shehu is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University. She holds affiliated appointments in the ...
Rym Zalila-Wenkstern. Associate Professor. Degrees: Ph.D., Computer Science, University of Ottawa, Canada; Doctorat de Spécialité ...
View Colleagues. Lenore Zuck ... Associate Professor. Phone. Email ... Vy Le's colleagues are Lenore Zuck, Jodi Frasure, Kate Albrecht, John Hetling. See more ...
View Nancy Day's business profile as Associate Professor, HR & OB at University of Missouri-Kansas City. Find Nancy's email address, phone number, work ...
Participating Supervisors. Angela Demke Brown. Associate Professor. My interests are in operating systems, file system reliability, run-time adaptation, binary ...
Mar 21, 2017 - Amarda Shehu, Associate Professor, Computer Science. Photo by: Ron Aira, Creative Services at George Mason University. All that Amarda ...
Associate Professor, University of Texas at Dallas - ‪Cited by 1281‬ - ‪Multi-Agent Systems‬ - ‪Software Engineering‬ ... Rym Zalila Wenkstern (Mili). Associate ...
Angela Demke Brown, Assistant Professor, Unknown, CMU, Unknown. Sven Dickinson, Associate Professor, Unknown, Maryland, Unknown. Steve Easterbrook ...
Professor Lenore Zuck has joined the UIC Department of Computer Science as associate professor. Lenore D. Zuck has received her B.Sc. in Computer Science ...
View Nancy Day's business profile as Associate Professor at University of Waterloo. Find Nancy's email address, phone number, work history, and more.
View Amarda Shehu's profile on Publons with 108 reviews. ... Top peer reviewer. Associate Professor - Computer Science, George Mason University ...
Angela Demke Brown is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto. Following a B.Sc. from York University, she ...
Aug 20, 2019 - Rym Zalila-Wenkstern, an Associate Professor of Computer Science and the Director of the Multi-Agent and Visualization Systems (MAVS) lab ...
Carolyn Penstein Rosé. cprose@cs.cmu.edu. Associate Professor (Effective July, 2011). A picture of me. Carnegie Mellon University · Language Technologies ...
Pearl Wang. Associate Professor Emerita, Computer Science ... Pearl Wang is a pioneer in the fields of parallel and distributed systems. Her career based on ...
Rym ZALILA-WENKSTERN, Associate Professor and Director of the Executive Masters in Software Engineering program of University of Texas at Dallas, ...
Dec 13, 2019 - Carolyn Penstein Rose, Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Carolyn Rosé is an Associate Professor of Language Technologies and Human- ...by CP Rose - ‎2019 - ‎Cited by 2 - ‎Related articles
Rym Zalila-Wenkstern is an Associate Professor of Computer Science. She is the director of the Executive Master's of Software Engineering program and also ...
Dec 19, 2016 - Carolyn Penstein Rose, Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Carolyn Rosé is an Associate Professor of Language Technologies and ...by IK Howley - ‎2016 - ‎Cited by 6 - ‎Related articles
Pearl Wang Associate Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $118,339. Pay components: Base salary: $112,700. Non-state salary: $5,639. George Mason ...
View Denise Bauer's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Denise ... Founding Director, Chair, and Associate Professor, Department of ...Fayetteville, North Carolina Area - ‎Founding Director, Chair, and Professor of Engineering - ‎Methodist University
Dr. Rym Zalila-Wenkstern is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at UTD. She holds a PhD in. Computer Science from the University of ...
Oct 6, 2014 - Carolyn Penstein Rose, Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Rose is an Associate Professor with a joint appointment between the Language ...by D Yang - ‎2014 - ‎Cited by 52 - ‎Related articles
Aug 22, 2019 - Rym Zalila-Wenkstern, an Associate Professor of Computer Science and the Director of the Multi-Agent and Visualization Systems (MAVS) lab ...
Jul 14, 2010 - Nancy Day has been appointed Faculty Ombudsperson. ... tenured associate professor in human resources and organizational behavior at the ...
Pearl Wang worked as an Associate Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $116129.
Speaker: Dr. Rym Zalila-Wenkstern, Associate Professor at the UT Dallas CS Department and the founding director of the Executive Masters of Science in ...
I am an Associate Professor at the Faculty of Computer Science, University of ... Bogdan Simion, Daniel Ilha, Suprio Ray, Leslie Barron, Angela Demke Brown, ...
Nancy DAY, Professor, HR & OB of University of Missouri - Kansas City, Kansas City (UMKC) | Read 20 publications | Contact Nancy DAY. ... Associate Professor, HR & OB. January 1991 - May 2017. University of Missouri - Kansas City.
Eliana Colunga. Associate Professor • Cognitive. Psychology and Neuroscience • Institute of Cognitive Science.
Ying Lu. Associate Professor. Applied Statistics, Social Science, and Humanities · ying.lu@ ...
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Carnegie Mellon UniversityView Nancy Pollard's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Nancy has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...
Feb 9, 2018 - associate professor @ TUGraz, workplace learning, adaptive learning ... i'm delighted that Carolyn Penstein Rose, professor of language ...
Associate Professor. Psychology and Neuroscience • Institute of Cognitive Science. Eliana.Colunga@Colorado.EDU · 303-492-4282 · Eliana Colunga's Website.
上领英，在全球领先职业社交平台查看Pearl Wang的职业档案。Pearl的职业档案列出 ... Associate Professor, School of Media and Design. Shanghai Jiao Tong ...中国 上海 - ‎Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Associate Professor. Ying Lu. Phone: 212-998-5560. Email: yl46@nyu.edu.
Mar 17, 2017 - Lockheed Martin Robotics Seminar Series. Grasping and Manipulation: Towards Humanlike Dexterity. Nancy Pollard Associate Professor
Eliana Colunga. Eliana Colunga. ICS Affiliated Faculty • Associate Professor. Psychology and Neuroscience. eliana.colunga@colorado.edu · (303) 492-4282.
Ozlem Uzuner, Associate Professor George Mason ... Mohan Venigalla, Associate Professor George Mason ... Pearl Wang, Associate Professor George Mason ...
Nancy Pollard is an Associate Professor in the Robotics Institute and the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University. She received her PhD in ...
Gian Piazza, Associate Professor Carnegie Mellon ... Nancy Pollard, Associate Professor Carnegie ... Albert Presto, Research Associate Professor Carnegie ...
Greater New York City Area - ‎Assistant Professor, Associate Professor - ‎New york UniversityYing Lu. Associate Professor of Applied Statistics. New york UniversityUniversity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Greater New York City Area16 connections.
View Pearl Wang's business profile as Director, Center for City Creativity and Communication at Shanghai ... Associate Professor, School of Media and Design ...
Greater Denver Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Colorado at BoulderView Eliana Colunga's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Eliana has 1 ... Associate Professor at University of Colorado at Boulder.
Daniel D. Suthers, Kristine Lund, Carolyn Penstein Rosé, Chris Teplovs, Nancy ... Associate Professor, Language Technologies Institute and Human- Computer ...
Lincoln, Nebraska - ‎Associate Professor - ‎UNLView Ying Lu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Ying Lu. Associate Professor at UNL. UNLUniversity of Virginia. Lincoln ...
... Director and Chair Associate Professor of Engineering Department of Engineering Methodist University. Contact the Program Director. Dr. Denise Bauer ...
Gian Piazza, Associate Professor Carnegie Mellon ... Nancy Pollard, Associate Professor Carnegie ... Albert Presto, Research Associate Professor Carnegie ...
Oct 1, 2012 - associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology, without tenure, Medical School, effective. October 1 ... Maura Sile O'Modhrain. Associate ...by ANNA CAMPUS
View Eliana Colunga's business profile as Associate Professor at University of Colorado Boulder. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work ...
Nancy Pollard is an Associate Professor in the Robotics Institute and. Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University. She received her PhD in ...
Maura Sile O'Modhrain. Feel the ... sic (Research); Jonathan Berger-Associate Professor of. Music; Julius Smith-Associate Professor of Music and. Electrical ...
Jan 7, 2019 - The position is Assistant or Associate Professor of Engineering commencing ... For inquiries, contact Denise Bauer, Ph.D., CPE, Engineering ...
Jasleen Kaur. Home | CV | Contact Me |. I am an Associate Professor and the Director of Graduate Studies in the ...
... Fernando Lopez-Lezcano CCRMA Studio Report 15 Maura Sile O'Modhrain Feel ... Berger-Associate Professor of Music; Julius Smith-Associate Professor of ...
Nancy Pollard is an Associate Professor in the Robotics Institute and the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University. She received her PhD in ...
May 29, 2004 - Associate Professor, Bulgarian Academy of Sciences ... the interfacing of haptics for the visually-impaired see Maura Sile O'Modhrain and Brent.
Eliana Colunga. Associate Professor. Psychology. eliana.colunga@colorado.edu · 303-492-4282 · Website. MUEN D447B. Facebook · Twitter · LinkedIn ...
Dec 28, 2013 - Jasleen Kaur is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She received ...
... Richard K. Norton Jennifer P. Ogilvie Maura Sile O Modhrain Mark Opp Mary ... F. Thurnau Professor Associate Professor, Political Science and Philosophy, ...
View Jasleen Kaur's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor, Medicine & Engineering, Department of Biomedical ...
Ying Lu is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Life[edit]. Lu received her Ph.D in Computer ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Pomona College. Her main areas of research focus are motion planning and robotics, ...
Eliana Colunga (Eliana.Colunga@Colorado.edu). University of Colorado ... Eliana Colunga is an Associate Professor in the Depart- ments of Psychology and ...
View Jasleen Kaur's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor and Program Leader- SHR at CHANDIGARH ...Chandigarh Area, India - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Chitkara University
Ying Lu worked as an Associate Professor for the University Of Nebraska (UN) and in 2020 had a reported pay of $107172.
Yuqing Melanie Wu. Chair — ACM-W Communication Committee. Associate Professor of Computer Science. Computer Science Department.
Prior to moving to CMU, she was an an Associate Professor and Assistant Dean in the College of Computing at Georgia ... Nancy Pollard, Brown University
This week as we celebrate #UNCWomxninTech, we recognize UNC Computer Science Associate Professor Jasleen Kaur, recipient of the 2019 Google Faculty.
Greater Los Angeles Area - ‎Pomona CollegeView Yuqing Melanie Wu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yuqing ... Associate Professor of Economics at Pomona College.
L. Jean Camp is a professor at the Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing. She was previously an associate professor at the John F. Kennedy ...
Sep 20, 2020 - Dr. Denise Bauer Faculty Profile Dean—Liberal Arts and Food Studies ... Associate Professor—Liberal Arts Email: m_costur@culinary.edu.
Ying Lu worked as an Associate Professor for the University Of Nebraska (UN) and in 2018 had a reported pay of $106057.
Associate Professor. Pomona College. 2015–2018. Visiting Associate Professor ... Jonathan Klinginsmith, Malika Mahoui, Yuqing Melanie Wu: Towards ...
Rada Mihalcea is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of North Texas. Her research interests are in ...
List of Contacts in Apollo's database with name 'Denise Bauer', Page 1. ... Founding Director, Chair, and Associate Professor, Fayetteville, North Carolina, ...
View Rada Mihalcea's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is ... Liked by Rada Mihalcea · Optimism is ... Associate Professor at Emory University. Tucker ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu Yuqing Melanie Wu Professor Wu is an Associate Professor of Co. ... Yuqing Melanie Wu , Associate Professor, Pomona College Resources.
L. Jean Camp. Affillated Faculty. Email: jcamp@indiana.edu. Jean Camp is an Associate Professor in the School of Informatics and Computing, an Adjunct ...
Associate Professor Pomona College. Jul. ... Associate Professor Indiana University ... Jonathan Klinginsmith, Malika Mahoui, Yuqing Melanie Wu: Towards ...
This directory covers Denise Bauer. ... Denise Bauer. Email. phone. Direct. Founding Director, Chair, and Associate Professor, Department of Engineering.
Ying Lu is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Massachusetts real estate transactions for ...
Rada Mihalcea is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. She is currently involved in a number of research projects in ...
Denise Bauer, professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Idaho. Richard Wall, professor at ... Advised by OSU associate professor Katharine.
Dr. Ashish Jani Associate Professor. Dr. Jasleen Kaur Associate Professor. Mr. Mitulkumar N. Raj Assistant Professor. Mr. Amirkumar D Patel Assistant Professor ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu, Associate Professor Indiana University, Bloomington Department of Computer Science. Yuzhen Ye, Associate Professor Indiana University ...
Mar 30, 2010 - Rada Mihalcea, associate professor of computer science and engineering, is among 100 university researchers nationwide this year to earn ...
Cathleen McGrathAssociate Professor of Management, Loyola Marymount UniversityVerified email at lmu.edu. View all. Follow. L Jean Camp. Professor of ...
Z. Morley Mao is an associate professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at University of Michigan. Her research interests ...
Associate Professor of Instruction; with Mathematics. denise-szecsei@uiowa.edu. Office: 101J MLH. Office Hours: MTh 11-11:30; MTh 1-2 - via Zoom. Telephone ...
Rada Mihalcea, Associate Professor of Computer Science, Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering, University of North Texas will join our meetup and tell ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu - School of Informatics and Computing and Carolyn ... Yuqing Wu is an associate professor of Computer Science in the School of Informatics ...
Denise Szecsei. Denise Szecsei. Associate Professor of Instruction. denise-szecsei@uiowa.edu. Education: Ph.D., Florida State University. Office: 101J MLH.
Zhuoqing MAO, Associate Professor of University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (U-M) | Read 195 publications | Contact Zhuoqing MAO. ... Zhuoqing Morley Mao ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu, Associate Professor, California, USA, mxxxxxxxy@pomona.edu. Mary Raymond, Director of Career Development & Associate Dean of ...
Jan 30, 2018 - Former Associate Professor of Public Policy, Harvard Kennedy School Current Affiliation: Associate Professor of Informatics, ... L. Jean Camp.
... of Michigan, EECS Department, Sept 2010-present, Associate Professor: Leads the ... Zhuoqing Morley Mao, Jia Wang, Ying Zhang, Method and apparatus for ...
Katherine Isbister is a game and human computer interaction researcher and designer, currently a professor in computational media at the University of California, Santa Cruz. Until June 2015, she was an associate professor at New York University, with ...
denise szecsei. Associate Professor of Instruction at University of Iowa. University of IowaThe University of Iowa. Iowa City, Iowa ...
Feb 25, 2015 - Back to Top. David WentzloffAssociate Professor · Electrical ... Explore: Honors and Awards; Research News; Zhuoqing Morley Mao · University ...
L. Jean Camp is a professor at the Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing. She was previously an associate professor at the John F. Kennedy ...
Jun 4, 2019 - Headshot of Raissa D'Souza ... 6/2014, Associate Professor, UC Davis; 2007 - present, External Professor, Santa Fe Institute; 7/2014 onwards, ...
Katherine Isbister is a social scientist and Associate Professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York, who researches and designs human- ...
University of North Texas United States. Rada Mihalcea ... of North Texas United States. Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
L. Jean Camp. Associate Professor of Public Policy. Kennedy School of Government. Harvard University. 1. Abstract. Designing for trust requires identification of ...by LJ Camp - ‎Cited by 113 - ‎Related articles
Nationwide Children's Hospital, Rada Mihalcea, PhD ... Su-In Lee is an Associate Professor in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering.
Johan Bollen, Associate Professor Indiana University ... James G. Brophy, Associate Professor Indiana University ... L. Jean Camp, Adjunct Associate Professor
Nov 14, 2019 - At Thursday night's event, Denise Szecsei, associate professor of instruction in the computer science department, explained that “Robot ...
Director, Art & Design: Games & Playable Media ​BA Program; Associate Professor, ​Digital Arts & New Media MFA Program. Professor Hunicke joined UCSC ...
Biography. Lu Ruan is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Iowa State University. She received the B.E. degree in Computer Science from ...
Presenter: Denise Szecsei (Associate Professor of Instruction, Computer Science). Light entrees, snacks, and refreshments will be available for purchase from ...
Raissa D'Souza. Raissa's research focuses on ... Department of Mechanical & Aeronautics Engineering: Associate Professor. 3.Graduate Group in Applied ...
Dec 7, 2017 - L. Jean Camp, professor of informatics at the School of Informatics, ... Camp joined SICE as an associate professor in 2004 after eight years at ...
Lu Ruan is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Iowa State University. Her research interests include Internet structure, interdomain routing, and ...
Raissa M. D'Souza is a Professor of Computer Science and Mechanical Engineering at the ... as an Assistant Professor to the University of California, Davis in 2005, promoted to Associate Professor in 2008, and to Full Professor in 2013.
Dr. Denise Szecsei,. Dr. Jeffrey Denny, ... Economics). Kevin L. Eastman (Associate Professor, Risk ... Donald A. Nast (Chair/Associate Professor,. Finance).
Lu Ruan, Ph.D. Associate Professor. Email: lruan@apu.edu. Office Location: West Campus, 202.
L. Jean Camp. Associate Professor of Informatics, Adjunct Associate Professor of Telecommunications. email: ljcamp a indiana.edu web: http://ljean.com/
Feb 20, 2020 - Katherine Isbister, Games Move Us - An Exploration of Design Innovations that ... She's an associate professor jointly appointed between the ...
Michelle Mills Strout, Ph.D. ... Michelle is an associate professor in the computer science department at Colorado State University. Dr. Strout's main research ...
Raissa D'Souza is an Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering and of Computer Science at the University of California at Davis, as well as an External ...
May 12, 2010 - Excerpts from a conversation with Katherine Isbister, associate professor at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University and director of its ...
Presenter: Denise Szecsei (Associate Professor of Instruction, Computer Science). Light entrees, snacks, and refreshments will be available for purchase from ...
Ames, Iowa - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Azusa Pacific UniversityLu Ruan. Associate Professor at Azusa Pacific University. Azusa Pacific UniversityUniversity of Minnesota-Twin Cities. Ames, Iowa70 connections.
View Raissa D'Souza's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at New ...
Teaching Experience. Assistant and Associate Professor at Colorado State University ... J-4 Andrew Stone, Michelle Mills Strout, and Shweta Behere. “May/Must ...
Li Xiao Assistant Professor. Positions. Associate Professor (P), Medicine - Immunology and Rheumatology , Department of Medicine 2012 -; Associate Scientist ...
University of Iowa Associate Professor of Computer Science, Denise Szecsei, will discuss her work programming NAO humanoid robots and the UI Robot ...
Raissa D'Souza is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and of Mechanical Engineering at the ...May 30, 2014
Associate Professor of Computer Science, Iowa State University - ‪Cited by 1625‬ - ‪Internet structure‬ - ‪BGP security‬ - ‪network survivability‬
Michelle Mills Strout (Colorado State University) ... State University, where she is an Associate Professor in the High Performance Computing Research Group.
View Julie Adams' profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor of Computer Science and Computer Engineering.
Raissa D'Souza is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and of Mechanical Engineering at the University of California, Davis, as well as an external ...
Lu Ruan worked as an Associate Professor for Iowa State University (ISU) and in 2009 had a reported pay of $91383.06.
A.K.A., Raissa D'Souza ... Professor to the University of California, Davis in 2005, promoted to Associate Professor in 2008, and to Full Professor in 2013.
PI: Michelle Mills Strout ... David Wonnacott and Michelle Mills Strout. ... to an associate professor has had a significant impact on my research and career and ...by M Strout - ‎2015 - ‎Related articles
Lu RUAN, Associate Professor of Iowa State University, IA (ISU) | Read 48 publications | Contact Lu RUAN.
'Julie Adams' ... 18, 2011—Julie A. Adams, associate professor of computer science and computer engineering, has been invited to join the editorial board of the ...
[11] Raissa D'Souza, Physics Department, MIT, 1999. Professor ... Associate Professor, Department of Applied Mathematics, University of Waterloo, Canada
Lu Ruan's email address r******@cs.iastate.edu 626221.... | Show email ... Lu Ruan's email. Associate Professor of Computer Science @ Iowa State University ...
The appointment will be at the Assistant or Associate Professor level, with opportunity for a ... or contact Professor Raissa D'Souza, raissa@cse.ucdavis.edu ...
Li Xiao. Associate Professor at Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of ...Irvine, California - ‎Associate Professor  in Artificial Intelligience (hundred talent program in CAS ) - ‎Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Julie Adams, PhD. Associate Professor of Biology Office Phone: 630-844-6167. Email: jadams@aurora.edu Areas of expertise: Organismal biology, invertebrate ...
View Lu Ruan's business profile as Associate Professor of Computer Science at University of Iowa. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work ...
PI: Michelle Mills Strout ... David Wonnacott and Michelle Mills Strout. ... to an associate professor has had a significant impact on my research and career and ...by M Strout - ‎2015 - ‎Related articles
Li Xiao Associate Professor Department of Marketing and Tourism Management Email: lixiao3@public.wh.hb.cn. Phone : 027-68753159 PhD Marketing, Wuhan ...
... Julie A. Adams Associate Professor of Computer Science and Computer Engineering Vanderbilt University Biological inspiration for artificial systems abound.
Dawn Song is an Associate Professor in the department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at University of California, Berkeley. She obtained her ...
Lu Ruan. I am an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Iowa State University.
Associate Professor of Entrepreneurship Li Xiao. Contact. Tel: TBC; Email: lx59@le.ac.uk; Office: Room 1.12, Brookfield House and New Build, Brookfield; Office ...
... 2011 Workshop: Sept 8-10, 2011 ================================== Michelle Mills Strout Associate Professor Colorado State University Computer ...
Tal Malkin is an associate professor of Computer Science at Columbia University, where she directs the Cryptography Lab. She received her Ph.D. in Computer ...
Li Xiao. Doctor , Associate Professor Research： Electrochemical energy conversion and storage. Phone： Email: chem.lily@whu.edu.cn. Copyright © 2014 ...
Associate Professor University of Michigan middot Department of Student offices ... Zhuoqing Morley Mao at the University of Michigan and Lei Yang at Google.
Dec 15, 2009 - ... before computer security professionals release a fix or other countermeasure, says EECS associate professor Dawn Song (Ph.D.'02 EECS).
Aug 28, 2020 - Clinical Associate Professor Director, Resident ... Julie Adams, MD. Julie E. ... Associate Professor and Residency Program Director Director ...
Barbara Kreaseck, 2003 (Associate Professor, La Sierra University). · Michelle Mills Strout, 2003 (Assistant Professor, Colorado State University). · Sagnik Nandy ...
Associate Professor. Department of Marketing. Room 513, Siyuan Building. 25011170(TEL). 65103463(FAX). lixiao@fudan.edu.cn. Research Field:Machine ...
ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE. Tel(212) 939-7097. Emailtal@cs.columbia.edu. As head of the Cryptography Lab, Tal Malkin works to ...
Zhuoqing Morley Mao – Associate Professor, EECS Department, University of Michigan. August 18, 2014 · Dr. Te-Lung Liu – Research Fellow, National Center ...
Dawn Song is an associate professor at the University of California, Berkeley, in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department.
Apr 24, 2020 - julie adams oregon state ... Julie Adams. ... ADAMS, Shauna M. (1993), Teacher Education, Associate Professor-B.S., University of Dayton, ...
Li Xiao, an associate professor and representative from the Department of Applied Foreign Language Studies at Nanjing University, now holds the position of ...
Associate Professor, University of Amsterdam. Dirección de correo verificada de uva.nl ... Michelle Mills Strout. Professor of Computer Science, University of ...
Associate Professor, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering ... Jon Andersen, Zhuoqing Morley Mao, Farnam Jahanian, and Jose Nazario.
Mar 12, 2015 - Speaker: Julie Adams, Vanderbilt University ... Dr. Julie A. Adams is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and Computer Engineering in ...
Apr 13, 2011 - ... a safer place – like Professor Dawn Song, associate professor at the University of California at Berkeley and MacArthur Foundation fellow.
Dr Li Xiao Hong is a technical officer responsible for the certification of malaria ... as a scientist for more than 10 years and is also associate professor. IS Global.
Tal Malkin is an associate professor of Computer Science at Columbia University. Her research interests are in cryptography and security, focusing on exploring ...
Associate Professor. University of Utah ... Zhuoqing Morley Mao, David Johnson, Oliver Spatscheck, Jacobus E. van der Merwe, Jia Wang. 2003 (modified: 02 ...
Insights with CKGSB Associate Professor of Economics and Finance Li Xiao Yang. 02:28. Professor's Knowledge. Copy video linkCopied. Close. AddThis.
View Tal Malkin's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Working on a new company; Associate Professor at Stanford University.Greater New York City Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Columbia University
Dawn Song is Associate Professor of Computer Science at UC Berkeley. Prior to joining UC Berkeley, she was an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon ...
Dr. Kay Connelly is a Professor in the Department of Informatics and the Associate Dean for Research in the School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering ...
Tal Malkin is an associate professor of Computer Science at Columbia University, where she directs the Cryptography Lab. She received her Ph.D. in Computer ...
Miryung Kim is a Full Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the ... She joined UCLA as an Associate Professor with Tenure in 2014, and she was ...‎Teaching · ‎Students · ‎Miryung Kim · ‎Publications
Instead of stopping malicious programs one by one, Song, an associate professor of computer science, aims to protect computers at a deeper level. Source code ...
Bettina Kemme Associate Professor Director School of Computer Science · McGill University Montreal, Canada, ADDRESS: School of Computer Science
Kristen Grauman. Associate Professor, University of Texas at Austin. Website. Program Visits.
Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of California ...Sep 6, 2017 - Uploaded by UCIBrenICS
Tal Malkin is an associate professor of Computer Science at Columbia University, where she directs the Cryptography Lab. She received her Ph.D. in Computer ...
Dawn Song is an Associate Professor in the department of Electrical Engineering Computer Science at University of California, Berkeley. She obtained her B.S. ...
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of Texas at Austin. Kristen grauman.jpg An expert in Artificial Intelligence, Professor Grauman ...
Dawn Song's group in EECS at UC Berkeley. I am an associate professor at Peking University. I received my Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from Peking ...
Kristen Grauman, associate professor in the Department of Computer Science, has been inducted into The University of Texas at Austin's respected Academy of ...
Bettina Kemme. Associate Professor, Director of the School of Computer Science, McGill University. McGill UniversitySwiss Institute of Technology (ETH), Zurich.Montreal, Quebec, Canada - ‎Associate Professor, Director of the School of Computer Science - ‎McGill University
Associate Professor, UCLA. Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at UCLA as well as the cofounder of MK.Collective.
Mar 18, 2011 - Then there's Dawn Song, a 36-year-old associate professor at the University of California at Berkeley and a MacArthur Foundation fellow (also ...
Dr. Kristen Grauman. Associate Professor| University of Texas at Austin. Address. Austin, TX ... Associate Professor, University of Texas at Austin. Austin, TX ...
... Science at Columbia University, supervised by Tal Malkin and Rocco Servedio. ... Rocco A. Servedio is an associate professor in the Department of Computer ...
Kay Connelly is an associate professor in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University Bloomington. Her research interests include user ...
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science. Columbia University ... [J6] Jon Feldman, Tal Malkin, Cliff Stein, Rocco Servedio, Martin Wainwright. LP.
View Miryung Kim's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Miryung has 4 ... Miryung Kim. Professor at ... Associate Professor. UCLA.Los Angeles, California - ‎UCLA
Kay Connelly is an associate professor in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University Bloomington. Her teaching and research interests are in ...
Bettina Kemme is an Associate Professor and Director of the School of Computer Science at McGill University, Montreal, where she leads the distributed ...
Rebecca Hwa. Associate Professor. Dr. Hwa joined the Department of Computer Science in fall 2003. She received her BS in Computer Science and ...
I am an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at UC Davis. ... the supervision of Kristen Grauman, and my B.S. from the University of Illinois ...
Bio: Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Los Angeles. She received her B.S. in ...
Jul 7, 2010 - Bettina Kemme is Associate Professor at the School of Computer Science of McGill University, Montreal, Canada. She received her ...
Associate Professor. Email: hwa@cs.pitt.edu. Office: 5103 Sennott Square. Mailbox: 293.
Designing Health Technologies for Low-SES Populations. Kay Connelly. Associate Professor, School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University.
Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at UCLA as well as the cofounder of MK.Collective. Miryung build...
Sue Ann Lee. Pediatric Speech Sound Disorders Laboratory. Sue Ann Lee, Ph.D., CCC-SLP; Associate Professor; phone: (806) 743-9051; sueann.lee@ttuhsc.
Biography Rebecca Hwa is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh. Before joining Pitt, she was a postdoc ...
For the 38th episode of The Silver Bullet Security Podcast, Gary talks privacy with Kay Connelly, Associate Professor of Computer Science at Indiana University ...
View Sue Ann Lee's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sue Ann has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Lubbock, Texas Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center
Bio: Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Los Angeles. Her research focuses on software ...
View Kay Connelly's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... Associate Professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo (University at Buffalo).
Mar 5, 2019 - BIO: Rebecca Hwa is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh. She received her BS in ...
Ashok Kakkar, Associate Professor McGill University ... Victoria M. Kaspi, Associate Professor McGill University ... Bettina Kemme, Professor McGill University
Dr. Kay Connelly is an Associate Professor in the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University. She is director of Proactive Health Informatics and a ...
Feb 24, 2015 - Kristen Grauman is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin. Her research in ...
Mar 7, 2018 - Miryung Kim is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at UCLA as well as the cofounder of MK.Collective. Miryung ...
Rebecca Hwa http://people.cs.pitt.edu/~hwa/ University of Pittsburgh, United States. Associate Professor, Computer Science Department.
Associate Professor Esme Gel received her master's and doctoral degrees from Northwestern University in 1995 and 1999, respectively. Since joining the ...
Women of Note 2013 - Mary Ann Lee. ... Arts at the University of Utah, where she is also an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Department of Modern Dance.
Rebecca Hwa is Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh. She received her PhD from Harvard University in 2001. Her primary ...
Sep 1, 2014 - Kristen Grauman. Homepage: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~grauman/ Associate Professor at University of Texas at Austin (PhD from MIT) USA
Yong Yang Associate Professor. 352-846-3791home ... Tuba Yavuz-Kahveci Assistant Professor. 352-846-0202home ... Yong-Kyu Yoon Associate Professor.
Sep 30, 2005 - esma.gel@asu.edu ... Associate Professor, Arizona State University, July 2007 - Present ... Visiting Associate Professor, Koç University, Sept.
Sue Ann Lee. Scholar Information. Title: Associate Professor. Discipline: Public Health. Specialization: Public Health. Home Institution: Texas Tech University.
Rebecca Hwa. Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the School of Computing and Information, University of Pittsburgh. Her recent ...
Esma Gel. Assoc Professor. Associate Professor, Engineering, Ira A. Fulton Schools of (IAFSE). 691 Citations; 13 h-Index. 19962019. Research output per year.
1:00:11Bio Rebecca Hwa is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of ...Dec 2, 2014 - Uploaded by Ting-Hao Huang
sue ann LEE, Associate Professor of Texas Tech University, Texas (TTU) | Read 31 publications | Contact sue ann LEE.
I'm an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department and an EMPAC Affiliated ... Evan Maicus, Matthew Peveler, Andrew Aikens, and Barbara Cutler
Current position: Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, Hofstra University. Tuba Yavuz-Kahveci, Ph.D., 2004. Dissertation: "Specification and ...
Dec 5, 2018 - Rebecca Hwa is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh. Some of her recent research ...
Azadeh Farzan, Associate Professor University of ... Ulrich W Fekl, Associate Professor University of ... Sarah A. Finkelstein, Associate Professor University of ...
Sue Ann Lee, Ph.D., CCC-SLP, an associate professor in the department of speech pathology at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center (TTUHSC) ...
View Barbara Cutler's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Barbara has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Albany, New York Area - ‎Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science - ‎Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Jun 23, 2020 - Dr. Rebecca Hwa, Associate Professor, Computer Science Department, School of Computing and Information. · Dr. Zhao Ren, Assistant ...
Sep 7, 2019 - Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of California, Santa Barbara, July ... Tuba Yavuz Kahveci and Tevfik Bultan.
Out speaker is Dr. Esma Gel Associate professor,Industrial Engineering - Ira A Fulton School of Engineering. 2:36 PM - 28 Sep 2018 from Tempe, AZ.
Dr. Sue Ann Lee, an associate professor in our Speech-Language and Hearing Sciences department, is on a Fulbright Scholarship in Vietnam. She recently...
... first_name at cs dot toronto dot edu Associate Professor Missing: Resume Must include: Resume Teaching · Research Azadeh Farzan · Professor of Computer ...
Anne Rogers Associate Professor Department of Computer Science The University of Chicago CV. If you are graduate student who wants to take Computer ...
Barbara Cutler is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department and an EMPAC Affiliated Faculty member at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
ASU associate professor and industrial engineer Esma Gel said in a university news release, the main... Cart. No products in the cart. Member Login. Lost your ...
Anne Rogers Associate Professor Department of Computer Science. Email: amr@cs.uchicago.edu; Phone: (773) 349-2670; Office: JCL 221; Website: ...
View Barbara Cutler's business profile as Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Find contact's direct phone ...
... dumped the support at Peking University as an Associate Professor, and took undertaken to Full Professor in 2010. ... Tevfik Bultan and Tuba Yavuz-Kahveci.
ASU associate professor and industrial engineer Esma Gel said in a university news release, the main... Cart. No products in the cart. Member Login. Lost your ...
View Anne Rogers' profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Anne has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Chicago, Illinois, United States - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Chicago
... PhD Adviser == :::''Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science, ... Azadeh Farzan, former colleague and coauthor of Feng == :::''Department of ...
I am an associate professor, tenured in and chair of Merrimack College's Computer Science ... Christopher Stuetzle · Zhongxian Chen · Barbara Cutler; [.
Connect with me! Katharina Reinecke. Associate Professor Computer Science & Engineering University of Washington. Home · Publications · Projects · Teaching ...
Anne Rogers, University of Chicago. Profile photo of Anne Rogers, expert at University of Chicago. Associate Professor Chicago, Illinois amr@cs.uchicago.edu ...
... Systems Engineering (ISE); Barbara Cutler, associate professor in the Department of Computer Science; and David Mendonça '01, associate professor in ISE.
Esma Gel. Associate Professor. Arizona State University. Richard Gerkin. Assistant Research Professor. Arizona State University. Rachel Gilchrist. Arizona State ...
16:49... Alex Niemczewski, CEO & Co-Founder of BallotReady; Anne Rogers, Associate Professor Department of ...Jul 12, 2017 - Uploaded by Harris Public Policy
In 2007, he were the additive at Peking University as an Associate Professor, and were infected to Full Professor in ... Tevfik Bultan and Tuba Yavuz-Kahveci.
Jun 25, 2012 - ... and Systems Engineering (ISE); Barbara Cutler, associate professor ... Computer Science; and David Mendonça, associate professor in ISE.
Gel is an Associate Professor of Industrial Engineering in the School of Computing, Informatics and Decision Systems Engineering (CIDSE) at Arizona State ...by ES Gel - ‎2020 - ‎Cited by 3 - ‎Related articles
Associate Professor. Ethel Elkins ... Associate Professor of Health Services/Administration Contact: 812-465-1172 ... Ms. Anne Rogers. Adjunct - Nursing and ...
Associate Professor, Tsinghua University, 2011.12-Present ... Yu-Fang Chen, Edmund M. Clarke, Azadeh Farzan, Fei He, Ming-Hsien Tsai, Yih-Kuen Tsay, ...
... for JMM-Aware Model Checking - . huafeng jin, tuba yavuz-kahveci , and beverly ... UNODC, CND and INCB - . dr jim cleary md fachpm associate professor of.
There are 42 other people named Anne Rogers on AllPeople. ... Associate Professor-Ed Leadshp and Foundation at Western Carolina University · Cullowhee, ...
Dannie Durand. Associate Professor. Address: 646 Mellon Institute Department of Biological Sciences Carnegie Mellon University 4400 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh ...
... Heterogeneous Data Types Tuba Yavuz-kahveci Tevfik Bultan In this paper, ... Member AIAA Senior Research Scientist, Member AIAA Associate Professor, ...
Price wins 2011 John Hague Teaching Award · Mary Anne Rogers - May 19, 2011 0. Stetson University Associate Professor of Chemistry Dr. Harry Price is the ...
Jared A. Gross, Christopher S. Stuetzle, Zhongxian Chen, Barbara Cutler, W. ... Robert N. Eli Associate Professor Department of Civil and Environmental.
Mar 21, 2014 - Computational Biologist Dannie Durand is Recreating Ancient History. ... associate professor in the Departments of Biological Sciences and ...
Anita Wasilewska Associate Professor Contact Information: 1428 Computer Science Computer Science Department SUNY Stony Brook University Stony Brook ...
Chrysanne DiMarco. Associate Professor Cross-Appointed. Photo of Chrysanne DiMarco. cdimarco@uwaterloo.ca. 519-888-4567 x34443. Location: DC 1308.
Jun 3, 2020 - Suzette Person. Associate Professor of Practice Director, Software Engineering Program Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Chrysanne DiMarco. Associate Professor, Cheriton School of Computer Science. cdimarco@uwaterloo.ca. Location: DC 1308. Research interests: ...
Anita Wasilewska. Back to Faculty Directory. Anita Wasilewska. Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science Room 208. Stony Brook, NY 11794-2424.
View Chrysanne DiMarco's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor in cryptography at University of Waterloo.Kitchener, Canada Area - ‎Professor - ‎University of Waterloo
Suzette Person. Associate Professor Of Practice Profile Image. Associate Professor Of Practice Computer Science sperson@cse.unl.edu 402-472-5040 362 ...
Milena Mihail. Associate Professor of Computer Science at Georgia Institute of Technology. Georgia Institute of Technology. Greater Atlanta Area2 connections.Greater Atlanta Area - ‎Associate Professor of Computer Science - ‎Georgia Institute of Technology
Chrysanne DiMarco, Associate Professor, David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science, Project Leader, HealthDoc Project, University of Waterloo President ...
Milena Mihail. Associate Professor. DEGREE: Ph.D., Computer Science, Harvard University. RESEARCH AREAS: RESEARCH INTERESTS: Theoretical ...
Greater New York City Area - ‎Professor - ‎Stony Brook UniversityView Anita Wasilewska's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor of Practice, Computer Science Accelerated BS&MS Program ...
Suzette Person. faculty. Associate Professor of Practice Computer Science & Engineering University of Nebraska–Lincoln. Work Avery Hall (AVH) 362.
William Cowan, Associate Professor, Unknown, McGill, Unknown. Nancy Day, Assistant Professor, 1998, UBC, CS. Chrysanne DiMarco, Associate Professor ...
Milena. Mihail. Associate Professor of Computing. http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~mihail/. Contact Information. Email: mihail@gatech.edu. Office: Skiles. Resources ...
University of Waterloo Department of Chemistry. Chrysanne DiMarco, Associate Professor University of Waterloo David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science ...
Milena Mihail, Associate Professor College of Computing Georgia Institute of Technology mihail@cc.gatech.edu Title: Platforms Supporting the Long Tail of Web ...
Associate Professor Paul G. ... Aydan Bailey; Tiona Francisco · Theo Gregersen · Jackson Stokes (with Yoshi Kohno and Katharina Reinecke); Savanna Yee.
Anita Wasilewska (2018). Associate Professor Suny@stonybrook, 2018, Anita Wasilewska, Associate Professor, Suny@stonybrook, View Salary & Details ...
Nov 14, 2018 - ... awarded papers included "Differential Symbolic Execution," which was co-authored by CSE Associate Professor of Practice Suzette Person, ...
May 6, 2020 - The survey is available on the virtual lab LabintheWild , which Katharina Reinecke , an associate professor in the Allen School and co-leader of ...
Elliot Bruce Koffman is a noted computer scientist and educationist. He is the author of ... an Assistant Professor (1969–1972) and Associate Professor (1972–1974) in the ... (with Richard C. Holt and Chrysanne DiMarco); Fortran (5th ed.).
Apr 22, 2020 - Suzette Person, Associate Professor of Practice College of Engineering Faculty Service Award Recognizes outstanding individuals for service ...
Oct 14, 2019 - ICS Welcomes New Faculty Faces Milena Mihail Associate Professor, CS Mihail's research areas are theoretical computer science and ...
Associate Professor of Computer Science (2013-2016) ... 01 2020. J.2 Krzysztof Z. Gajos, Katharina Reinecke, Mary Donovan, Christopher D. Stephen,. Albert Y.
Mar 28, 2017 - Associate Professor Anita Wasilewska. Professor Anita Wasilewska is a representative of the Polish School of Mathematics. She is a direct ...
Milena Mihail Associate Professor, Computer Science. -- Annie Qu Professor, Statistics. -- Michael Shindler Assistant Professor of Teaching, Computer Science.
Lin-Shu Wang, Associate Professor State University of New ... Anita Wasilewska, Associate Professor State University of ... Yuanyuan Yang, Associate Professor
May 28, 2020 - Katharina Reinecke, an associate professor of computer science at the UW, is one of six researchers who have worked on the survey and who, ...
Dannie Durand Associate Professor Biological Sciences and Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) > Click here for biography < ...
Associate Professor of Computer Science, Vanderbilt University - ‪Cited by 4029‬ - ‪Distributed System and Networking‬ - ‪Big Data‬ - ‪Cloud Computing‬ ...
University of Waterloo. $152,219.84 paid in 2015, Chrysanne Dimarco · Associate Professor · University of Waterloo. $152,167.32 paid in 2015, Derek J. Koehler ...
Suzette Person, Witawas Srisa-an, and Matthew Wagenheim were honored with ... AwardGeneral teaching award open to the ranks of associate professor and ...
Mar 20, 2018 - $169,777.76 paid in 2017, Chrysanne Dimarco · Associate Professor · University of Waterloo. $177,893.16 paid in 2017, Clare J. A. Mitchell ...
57:26Milena Mihail. Milena Mihail received her BA in electrical engineering at the Polytechnic School of Athens ...Nov 6, 2006 - Uploaded by Microsoft Research
Department of Geosciences. Suzette Person, Associate Professor University of Nebraska, Lincoln Department of Computer Science. Allan Peterson, Professor
Ola LarssonAssociate professor, Karolinska InstitutetVerified email at ki.se. Follow. Yuan Xue. MIT. Verified email at mit.edu. MedicineBiomedicineCancer ...
Jana Ko Å¡ecka is an associate professor at the Department of Computer Science, George Mason University. Her research interests include computer vision and ...
Instructor: Milena Mihail, Associate Professor Office hours: Mon and Tue 1:05pm- 2:55pm, Klaus 2138. Email: mihail@cc.gatech.edu All email concerning this ...
Anita Wasilewska, Associate Professor, Ph.D.,. Warsaw University, Poland: Data base mining; knowledge discovery in data bases; machine learning; uncertainty ...
Richard J. Lipton. Professor, College of Computing, Georgia Tech. Email : rjl@cc.gatech.edu. Milena Mihail. Associate Professor, College of Computing, Georgia ...
Dannie Durand Associate Professor Biological Sciences and Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) > Click here for biography < ...
Associate Professor. August 1999 ... Yu Yao · Ella M Atkins · Matthew Johnson-Roberson; [...] Xiaoxiao Du ... Hossein Rastgoftar; Ella M Atkins; Ilya Kolmanovsky.
Associate Professor, Computer Science. Jan Allbeck. Download Image ... Jan Allbeck is currently the Associate Dean of the Honors College. She has taught at ...
Acting Chairperson James Conners, MD, MS, Associate Professor Vice ... MD, Associate Professor, Acting Vice Chair of Faculty Affairs Aimee Szewka, MD, ... Michael Ko, MD, Assistant Professor ... Malabendu Jana, PhD, Assistant Professor
Ella M. Atkins. Professor, Aerospace Engineering ... Associate Professor, Aerospace Engineering Department, 2006 - 2016. Courtesy Appointment, Computer ...
Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department. Volgenau School of Engineering · George Mason University. Contact info: jallbeck at gmu.edu.
Suzette Person, associate professor of practice in computer science and engineering, has a sit-down discussion with dozens of CSE students Thursday during ...
Dannie Durand, Associate Professor Carnegie Mellon University Department of Biological Sciences. Profile Added Feb. 1, 2008 ...
Associate Professor soalsnih@utmb.edu (409) 747-1632 ... Ko, Mansoo Associate Professor mako@utmb.edu ... 2.252B. McGaugh, Jana Associate Professor
Jan ALLBECK, Associate Professor of George Mason University, VA (GMU) | Read 71 publications | Contact Jan ALLBECK.
Ella M. Atkins portrait ... Associate Professor, Aerospace Engineering; Associate Director, University of Michigan ... Associate Professor Anouck Girard portrait ...
Dannie Durand. 职称:Associate Professor. 所属学校:Carnegie Mellon University. 所属院系:biology. 所属专业:Biology/Biological Sciences, General.
View Jan Allbeck's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest ... Associate Professor at George Mason University. Washington D.C. Metro ...
Editor-in-Chief: Ella M. Atkins ... Han-Lim Choi is an Associate Professor of Aerospace Engineering at KAIST (Korea Advanced Institute of Science and ...
Dannie Durand, PhD. Associate Professor, Department of Biological Sciences. Carnegie Mellon ... Associate Professor, Microbiology & Molecular Genetics.
View Yuan Xue, PhD, FACMG'S profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor Of Surgery at Indiana University School of Medicine.
Ella M. Atkins, Associate Professor, Aerospace Engineering, University of Michigan. Derek Paley, Associate Professor, Aerospace Engineering Education; ...
Jan Allbeck Associate Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $106,257. Pay components: Base salary: $101,257. Non-state salary: $5,000. George Mason ...
Haedtke, Jana Adjunct Instructor BS, University of ... BA, South Carolina State University. Ko, Susan Adjunct Associate Professor PhD Phil, Yale University
May 15, 2005 - ... gene arose", stated Dannie Durand, associate professor of biological sciences at the Mellon College of Science (MCS) at Carnegie Mellon.
... for Excellence in Service was presented to Joel Barnett, associate professor. ... 22, 2011—Yuan Xue is among the Vanderbilt engineering faculty training ...
... Aerospace Cyber-Physical Systems Education Ella M. Atkins*and Justin M. ... propulsion, * Associate Professor, Aerospace Engineering Dept., University of ...
Ani Nenkova is an associate professor of computer and information science at the University of Pennsylvania. Her main areas of research are computational ...
Other Records for Jan Allbeck. Jan Allbeck (2019). Administrative (Instructor) George Mason ... Associate Professor George Mason University View Pay Details ...
May 31, 2015 - Associate Professor of Computer Science and Computer Engineering ... [B4] Yuan Xue, Yi Cui and Klara Nahrstedt, “Optimal Resource ...
Ella M. Atkins, Associate Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Aerospace Engineering. Profile Added Aug. 17, 2007 ...
Ani Nenkova. Associate Professor Computer and Information Science (CIS). Email | Personal Webpage. Honors and Awards: NSF CAREER Award - 2010
Jan M. Allbeck is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University, where she is also the faculty advisor for their ...
Mar 20, 2012 - Yuan Xue: Associate Professor at the University of International Business and Economics School of Law; Research Focus: International ...
Amélie Marian. Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science CoRE 324, Busch Campus. amelie.marian@rutgers.edu.‎Publications · ‎Teaching · ‎News
by Mubbasir Kapadia (Author), Nuria Pelechano (Author), Jan Allbeck ... Nuria Pelechano is an Associate Professor at the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya. ... Jan M. Allbeck is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer ...
Nancy Meehan. Associate Professor Joint appointment with Human-Centered Computing (HCC) Division in the School of Computing Office: EDW 439
Achilleas Anastasopoulos, Associate Professor University of ... Ellen Arruda, Associate Professor University of ... Ella M. Atkins, Associate Professor University of ...
Ani NENKOVA, Associate professor of University of Pennsylvania, PA (UP) | Read 147 publications | Contact Ani NENKOVA.
Amelie Marian; Position: Associate Professor; Email Address: amelie.marian@rutgers.edu; Phone: (848)445-8324; Website: Personal Website; Office: Core 324 ...
Associate Professor. College of Engineering, Peking ... of America, Wall Street. Yuan Xue. Master Student, Sep. 2002~July 2005. Researcher, Praxair, Inc., NY ...
Jun 28, 2017 - Aarti Singh. Associate Professor. A. Nico Habermann Faculty Chair 2013-2016. Machine Learning Department · Carnegie Mellon University ...‎Publications · ‎Teaching · ‎Group · ‎Outreach
Nancy Meehan. Associate Professor, School of Nursing. Clemson University. Clemson, South Carolina, UNITED STATES. Memberships. EDUCAUSE, Member ...
Known as: Ella M Atkins, Alla L Atkins ... Associate Professor at University of Michigan, Associate Professor at University of Michigan - Dept. of Aero. Eng.
Nancy Meehan worked as an Associate Professor for Clemson University (CU) and in 2018 had a reported pay of $94884.
Barnes previously served as an assistant and associate professor in the Computer Science Department at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
Email: yuan.xue@sjtu.edu.cn. Office: Main Building A-417. LCC Full Time Power Engineering. Xu Huijin. Title: Associate Professor. Email: xuhuijin@sjtu.edu.cn.
Aarti Singh. Associate Professor. Office: 8207 Gates & Hillman Centers. Email: aarti@cs.cmu.edu. Phone: (412) 268-4266. Department: Machine Learning ...
Apr 10, 2020 - Ani Nenkova · @ani_nenkova. Associate professor, University of Pennsylvania. cis.upenn.edu/~nenkova/. Joined December 2015 ...
Amélie Marian is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at Rutgers University. Her research interests are in Explainable Rankings, ...New York, New York - ‎Associate Professor, Computer Science - ‎Rutgers University
Nancy Meehan worked as an Associate Professor for Clemson University (CU) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $94884.
Tiffany Barnes is Associate Professor of Computer Science at NC State University. She received the B.S. and M.S. degrees in Computer Science and ...
View Nancy Meehan's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor/Athletic Training Program Director at Bethel University. St Paul ...Greenville, South Carolina Area - ‎faculty - ‎Clemson University School of Nursing
Associate Professor Aarti Singh. Share. PhD, Washington University. Associate Professor. Phone. +61 2 9351 5250. Fax. +61 2 9351 4341. Email.
Dr. Zhenghong Tang, Associate Professor of Community and Regional Planning, and Yuan Xue, a second-year Community and Regional Planning graduate ...
View Amelie Marian's business profile as Associate Professor, Computer Science at Rutgers University. Find Amelie's email address, phone number, work ...
Tiffani L Williams. ... From 2005 to 2017, she was an assistant and associate professor (tenured in 2011) in the Department of Computer Science and ...
ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, School of Arts and Sciences, Computer Science ... Fingerprint Dive into the research topics where Amelie Marian is active.
Aarti Singh. Associate Professor, Carnegie Mellon University. Website. Program Visits. Foundations of Deep Learning, Summer 2019. Visiting Scientist.
Tiffany D. Barnes is an Associate Professor of Political Science at University of Kentucky and affiliated faculty with the Gender and Women's Studies Program ...
Tiffani L. Williams. Associate Professor. Email: tlw@cse.tamu.
Home / Tiffany Barnes. Tiffany Barnes. Associate Professor. Political Science · College of Arts and Sciences. 859-257-4895. tiffanydbarnes@uky.edu. Expertise:.
View all of Amélie Marian's Presentations. ... About Amélie Marian is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at Rutgers University.
Aarti Singh received the B.E. degree in electronics and communication ... Pittsburgh, PA, USA, where she has been an Associate Professor since 2009.
View Nancy Meehan Yao's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest ... Associate Professor of Pastoral Care at Austin Presbyterian Theological Seminary. Austin ...
Oct 16, 2014 - Tiffani L. Williams PhD in Computer Science Associate Professor Texas A&M University.
View Aarti Singh's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor in OB&HR, FORE school of Management, New Delhi; ...South West Delhi, Delhi, India - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎FORE School of Management, New Delhi
Tiffany Barnes, Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Kentucky; Dr. Nichole Bauer, Assistant Professor of Political Communication at LSU; Dr.
Aarti Singh Associate Professor A. Nico Habermann Faculty Chair 2013-2016 Machine Learning Department Carnegie Mellon University: MAIN: ...
Feb 24, 2018 - Tiffani L. Williams is the Director of Computer Science Programs and ... at Texas A&M University, most recently as an Associate Professor in the ...
Meet Tiffany Barnes, a panelist for the Reilly Center's upcoming She Persisted: Women ... Tiffany D. Barnes is an Associate Professor of Political Science at the ...
Feb 2, 2015 - Amélie Marian is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at Rutgers University. Her research interests are in Personal ...
The latest Tweets from Ani Nenkova (@ani_nenkova). Associate professor, University of Pennsylvania.
Information about Jun Luo working Associate Professor for Clemson University. ... Get Associate Professor Salary Statistics ... Nancy Meehan (2017). Associate ...
Aarti Singh. Carnegie-Mellon University ... names you have authored papers under. Aarti Singh ... Associate Professor. Carnegie Mellon University. Present.
Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University, ... Curriculum Vitae Tiffani L. Williams December 14, 2012.
Get Amelie Marian's email address, a****e@cs.rutgers.edu. ... Amelie Marian's Email and Phone. Associate Professor, Computer Science @ Rutgers University ...
Dr. Ani Nenkova. Associate Professor| University of Pennsylvania. Address. Philadelphia ... Associate Professor, University of Pennsylvania. Philadelphia, PA ...
Nancy Meehan, Associate Professor Clemson ... Richard R. Montanucci, Associate Professor Clemson ... Andrew S. Mount, Research Associate Professor
Jul 28, 2020 - Tiffany Barnes. BJC-STARS Director, Associate Professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University ...
Jun 12, 2017 - Tiffani L. Williams, Ph.D., has been named Professor of the Practice and ... University since 2005, most recently as an associate professor in the ...
This directory covers Nancy Meehan. ... Directory of Profiled Business People: Nancy Meehan. Medea, Mauricio - Meffe ... phone. Direct. Associate Professor.
Ani Nenkova is an associate professor of computer and information science at the University of Pennsylvania. Her main areas of research are computational ...
Oct 16, 2014 - Tiffani L. Williams PhD in Computer Science Associate Professor Texas A&M University.
Dr. Antonella DiLillo is currently providing services as Associate Professor of Computer Science. Dr. Antonella DiLillo has authored and co-authored multiple ...
Tiffany BARNES, Associate Professor of North Carolina State University, North Carolina (NCSU) | Read 266 publications | Contact Tiffany BARNES.
Associate Professor Computer Science choueiry@cse.unl.edu 402-472-5444 360 Avery Hall http://cse.unl.edu/~choueiry/ http://cse-apps.unl.edu/facdb/users/16/ ...
Friday, March 20, 2020 - 2:30pm to 4:00pm. Location: 2315 Doherty Hall. Speaker: Ani Nenkova, Associate Professor University of Pennsylvania. For More ...
Associate Professor, Computer Science ... Website. Antonella DiLillo ... Associate Professor of the Practice of Computer Science and Industry Liaison.
Berthe Choueiry. faculty. Associate Professor Computer Science & Engineering University of Nebraska–Lincoln. Work Avery Hall (AVH) 360. Lincoln NE 68588- ...
May 6, 2019 - Dr. Tiffani L. Williams is the Director of Computer Science Programs ... at Texas A&M University, most recently as an Associate Professor in the ...
Tiffany Barnes. Associate Professor at University of Kentucky. University of KentuckySouthwestern University. Houston, Texas Area71 connections.Houston, Texas Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Kentucky
Nina Balcan. Associate Professor. Office: 8017 Gates & Hillman Centers. Email: ninamf@cs.cmu.edu. Phone ...
Antonella DiLillo, Assistant Professor Brandeis University Department of Computer ... Leslie C. Griffith, Associate Professor Brandeis University Department of ...
Jun 7, 2020 - Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science and ... PI/institution: Tiffani L. Williams (Texas A&M); PIs/collaborative institution: Marc L.
Berthe Y Choueiry worked as an Associate Professor for the University Of Nebraska (UN) and in 2019 had a reported ... Detailed Reports for Berthe Choueiry ...
Dec 6, 2018 - ... and professors Jordan Pollack (COSI) and Antonella DiLillo (COSI). ... Brandeis Associate Professor Angela Gutchess (PSYCH) published ...
View Tanya Berger-Wolf's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tanya has 10 jobs listed ... Associate Professor. University of Illinois at ...
Dec 9, 2013 - Antonella DiLillo (COSI), 70 percent of students in COSI 11A who ... In 1962, he came to Brandeis and became an associate professor. In the ...
The following profiles may or may not be the same professor: Berthe Y Choueiry (110% Match) Associate Professor University Of Nebraska - Computer Science ...
Joelle Pineau is a faculty member at Mila and an Associate Professor and William Dawson Scholar at the School of Computer Science at McGill University, ...
... Mentor: David Roberts, Brandeis University Class Instructor: Antonella DiLillo ... Advisor Hemant Pendharkar, PhD Associate Professor of Computer Science, ...
Berthe Choueiry, Associate Professor University of Nebraska, Lincoln Department of Computer Science. Profile Added Jan. 29, 2004 ...
Joëlle Pineau Associate Professor Computer Science E-mail: jpineau@cs.mcgill.ca Research Area: Biological Modelling Joëlle Pineau is the Co-director of the ...
It was started as an initiative by Berthe Choueiry (now associate professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln) and myself in 1993 and was for a while an ...Sun, Oct 4Bilingual Lecture Series ...Mon, Oct 5Bilingual Lecture Series ...Wed, Oct 21Pourdavoud Center Lecture ...
Joelle Pineau is an Associate Professor and William Dawson Scholar at McGill University where she co-directs the Reasoning and Learning Lab. Member of ...
Brandeis University, Associate Professor of Computer Science (1986 ... Martin Cohn, Antonella DiLillo FILED: August 29, 2005 (assigned to Brandeis University) ...
Feb 13, 2015 - Tanya Berger-Wolf, UIC professor of computer science, at the Mpala ... Berger-Wolf, who is associate professor of computer science at UIC.
Eun-Jung Kim. Associate Professor. 313-577-6100. 313-577-2077 (fax). katherine.kim@wayne.edu. 5057 Woodward Ave, #12002.14. Detroit, MI 48202.
Joëlle Pineau (born 1974) is a Canadian Computer Scientist and Associate Professor at McGill University. She is the lead of Facebook's Artificial Intelligence ...Awards‎: ‎AAAI Fellow‎ (2018)Thesis‎: ‎Tractable Planning Under Uncertainty: ...
Antonella Dilillo. Faculty Transitional Year Program at ... Associate Professor at Brandeis University · Waltham, Massachusetts. Robin Hennessey. Staff Provost ...
Berthe Choueiry. Associate Professor. Dept. of Computer Science & Engineering. 360 Avery Hall. Lincoln, NE 68588. Phone: (402) 472-5444 choueiry@cse.unl.
View Joelle Pineau's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Joelle has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Montreal, Quebec, Canada - ‎Associate Professor - ‎McGill University
... of Illinois, Chicago Adjunct Associate Professor, Department of Bioengineering, ... London, Andras [25] Tanya Berger-Wolf, Dimitrios I. Diochnos, Andras ...
Berthe Choueiry Associate Professor choueiry@cse.unl.edu 402-472-5444 360 Avery Hall Publications... Berthe Choueiry may worked at these ...
Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh. Associate Professor. Computer Science Department. University of California, Irvine. phone: 949-824-8860. Affiliated with: UC Irvine ...
... Jung (EJ) Kim. Associate Professor, Computer Science & Engineering and Computer Engineering; Chair of Ph.D. Admissions ... Scholar Profile. Eun Jung Kim ...
Maria-Florina (Nina) Balcan is a Romanian-American computer scientist whose research ... She is an associate professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon ... Maria-Florina Balcan at the Mathematics Genealogy Project; ^ Maria Balcan ...
Tanya Berger-Wolf, associate professor of computer science. “I see graduate students as my junior colleagues, so I explicitly think of what it would take to get ...
Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh. Associate Professor. Computer Science Department. University of California , Irvine. phone: 949-824-8860. Affiliated with: Center for ...
Eun Jung Kim. Associate Professor, Computer Science & Engineering at TAMU. Verified email at cse.tamu.edu. Computer Architecture. ArticlesCited byCo- ...
View Chen-Ching Liu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor en Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya.
Apr 9, 2020 - Associate Professor Maria Florina “Nina” Balcan has received the 2019 Association for Computing Machinery Grace Murray Hopper Award.
Joelle Pineau is an Associate Professor and William Dawson Scholar at McGill University where she co-directs the Reasoning and Learning Lab....
May 22, 2011 - ... and study zebras in Kenya and soon will be used in South Africa, said Tanya Berger-Wolf, an associate professor of computer science at UIC.
Eun Jung Kim received the BS degree in computer science from KAIST, Korea, the ... She is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and ...
Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh. 职称: ... Associate Professor Computer Science Department University of California, Irvine Assistant Professor Computer Science ...
Jul 31, 2019 - Joelle Pineau is an Associate Professor and William Dawson Scholar at McGill University where she co-directs the Reasoning and Learning Lab.
Chen-Ching Liu, the American Electric Power Professor of Electrical and Computer ... Gurkan is the Warren E. Rupp Associate Professor of Mechanical and ...
Apr 26, 2019 - Tanya Berger-Wolf is a computational ecologist. ... I am now an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University.
Naomi Aoki. Associate Professor at The University of Tokyo. Singapore. Dan Sadlosky ... Eun-jung Kim. Mercedes-Benz Korea, CASE (Connected, Autonomous, ...Hong Kong - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎The University of Hong Kong
Apr 9, 2020 - She is now is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at ... Maria Balcan Named Recipient of ACM Grace Murray Hopper Award for ...
Aug 14, 2017 - Chen-Ching Liu, Boeing Distinguished Professor; Anurag Srivastava, associate professor; and Anamika Dubey, assistant professor, all from ...
Eun Jung KIM of Texas A&M University, Texas (TAMU) | Read 10 publications | Contact Eun Jung KIM. ... Associate Professor. September 2003 - present.
Dec 16, 2019 - ... co-principal investigator and UIC associate professor of mathematics, ... survive contact with large data," said Tanya Berger-Wolf, co-principal ...
Curriculum Vitae Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh 3092 Bren Hall Computer Science ... Employment Associate Professor Computer Science Department University of ...
Maria Balcan Named Recipient of ACM Grace Murray Hopper Award for Significant ... Maria Florina Balcan is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at ...
2018Finance Insurance & Business Law - Associate ProfessorPolytechnic Institute And State University of Virginia, Roger Edelen M, 2018 ... Chen-ching Liu.
Joëlle Pineau is head of the Facebook AI Research lab in Montreal, Canada. She is also an associate professor and William Dawson Scholar at McGill ...
Tanya Berger-Wolf has received her B.Sc. in Computer Science and ... Dr. Mark Guzdial is an Associate Professor in the College of Computing/GVU at Georgia ...
Maria Florina Balcan is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at ... Maria Balcan Receives 2019 ACM Grace Murray Hopper Award April 8, 2020.
Jul 29, 2017 - Curriculum Vitae Eun Jung Kim, Ph.D. Associate Professor ADDRESS: Department of Computer Science Engineering Dwight Look College of ...
Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh Associate Professor Research Area: Computer Architecture and Design Department: Computer Science Email: eli@ics.uci.edu
May 22, 2019 - Joelle Pineau, the Co-Managing Director of Facebook AI Research ... AI's research efforts in Montreal, she is also an associate professor at ...
Dr. Eun Jung Kim, Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science, Texas A&M University (C.S.). 12:35 – 12:50pm “Preparing Application to tenure-track ...
143, Edwards, Stephen A. 462 CSB, Associate Professor, sedwards@cs.columbia.edu, (212) 939-7019. 144, Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh, DBH 3092, Associate ...
Oct 29, 2019 - Penn Engineering is pleased to announce that Stephanie Weirich has ... in 2002 as assistant professor, became associate professor in 2008 ...
Curriculum Vitae Eun Jung Kim, Ph.D. Associate Professor ADDRESS: Department of Computer Science Engineering Dwight Look College of Engineering ...
... and Commission on Faculty Affairs member; Tim Baird, associate professor of ... Chen-Ching Liu, American Electric Power professor, electrical and computer ...
Previously at the University of Utah, Dr. Freire served as a faculty member at the Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute and an Associate Professor at the ...
He will Maria-Florina Balcan Associate Professor, School of Computer Science, ... Maria Balcan Receives 2019 ACM Grace Murray Hopper Award April 8, 2020.
144, Elaheh (Eli) Bozorgzadeh, Associate Professor, Computer Architecture and Design, eli@ics.uci.edu. 145, Elchanan Mossel, Associate professor ...
... class on Disneyland Roland Betancourt UCI associate professor of art history ... Office DBH 3224 Learn more Elaheh Eli Bozorgzadeh Professor Research ...
View Stephanie Weirich's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor, Dept. of Computer Science at University of Pennsylvania.Greater Philadelphia Area - ‎Professor - ‎University of Pennsylvania
Maria Florina"Nina" Balcan, an associate professor in the School of Computer Science's ... Maria Balcan to Receive Grace Murray Hopper Award for Significant ...
Associate Professor of Linguistics in the Department of Computer Science. Sophia ... Sophia Malamud's homepage: http://people.brandeis.edu/~smalamud
Sep 30, 2019 - Rice CS Alumna Stephanie Weirich is an Associate Professor at the University of Pennsylvania. Stephanie Weirich expected to be an electrical ...
Chen-Ching Liu. American Electric Power Professor ... Associate Professor. Jaime De La Ree. Associate Professor &. Assistant Dept. Head. Vassilis Kekatos.
Marcia K. O'Malley ... She is an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Departments of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at both Baylor College of Medicine and ...
Associate Professor. Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering ... Publications by Author: Juliana Freire. BibTex · Tagged · XML. 2011. P. Bonnet, et al., ...
Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both in Applied ...
Qizhen Li, Associate Professor Washington State ... Hongfei Lin, Associate Professor Washington State ... Chen-Ching Liu, Professor Washington State ...
Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both in Applied ...
Stephanie Weirich. Stephanie Weirich. University of Pennsylvania. Associate Professor of Computer and Information Science School of Engineering and Applied ...
May 15, 2009 - Juliana Freire joins the SCI Institute from the School of Computing at the University of Utah where she is an Associate Professor. Before joining ...
Michela Taufer is an ACM Distinguished Scientist and holds the Jack Dongarra Professorship ... Associate Professor, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA.
Jun 12, 2017 - One of his favorite online courses was CSC 540 Database Management Concepts and Systems with Associate Professor Rada Y. Chirkova.
Stephanie Weirich. Stephanie Weirich. University of Pennsylvania. Associate Professor of Computer and Information Science School of Engineering and Applied ...
SBBD'2014 > Juliana Freire. Juliana Freire ... Before, she was an Associate Professor at the School of Computing, University of Utah; an Assistant Professor at ...
Ashish DeshpandeAssociate Professor of Mechanical Engineering, University of TexasGeverifieerd e-mailadres voor austin.utexas.edu ... Marcia K O'Malley.
View Michela Taufer's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor and David and Beverly J.C. Mills Career Development Chair.Greater Philadelphia Area - ‎Jack Dongarra Professor in High Performance Computing - ‎University of Tennessee, Knoxville
Stephanie Weirich. Using Haskell since 1999. Reveal email address ... About Me. Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Pennsylvania ...
Marcia K. O'Malley, Dept.of Mechanical Engineering,Rice University, Marcia O'Malley ... She is an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Departments of Physical ...
Dec 4, 2017 - Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both ...
Marcia K. O'Malley ... holds a joint appointment in Computer Science at Rice, and is an Adjunct Associate Professor in the Departments of Physical Medicine and ...
Apr 11, 2014 - Rice Owl Mentors Eating Out ROMEO Quarterly Luncheon Friday, April 11, 2014. Dr. Marcia K. O'Malley Associate Professor of Mechanical ...
Dr. Michela Taufer is the David L. and Beverly J.C. Mills Chair of Computer and Information Sciences and an associate professor in the same...
Gregory D. Buckner, Associate Professor NC State ... Jay Jiayang Cheng, Associate Professor NC State ... Rada Y. Chirkova, Assistant Professor NC State ...
Finden Sie heraus, welche gemeinsamen Kontakte Sie haben; Lassen Sie sich vorstellen; Kontaktieren Sie Juliana Freire direkt ... Associate Professor at MIT ...
Stephanie Weirich. 职称:Associate Professor. 所属学校:University of Pennsylvania. 所属院系:Computer Science. 所属专业:Computer Science. 联系方式: 215-898- ...
Oct 29, 2012 - Marcia K. O'Malley (Marcie), Associate Professor Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science Rice University, 6100 Main Street MEMS - MS ...
Dec 13, 2015 - Michela Taufer. Associate Professor. David and Beverly J.C. Mills Career Development Chair. University of Delaware. Department of Computer ...by PD Computing - ‎2013
Oct 17, 2014 - Biography: Stephanie Weirich is an Associate Professor at the University of Pennsylvania. Her research centers on programming languages, ...
Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both in Applied ...
Dec 13, 2012 - Dec. 6, 2012–Michela Taufer, associate professor at the University of Delaware, has been named the David L. and Beverly J.C. Mills Chair of ...
Sep 7, 2020 - Marcia K. O'Malley is Associate Professor in Mechanical Engineering at Rice University in Houston, TX. She directs the. Mechatronics and ...
Yuzhen Ye. Associate Professor, Informatics and Computing. yye@indiana.edu; Lindley Hall 301G; Office Hours. M-F: By Appointment Only ...
Michela Taufer joined the University of Delaware in 2007 where she was promoted to associate professor with tenure in 2012 and full professor in 2017.
Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both in Applied ...
Yuzhen Ye. Associate Professor, Informatics and Computing. yye@indiana.edu; Lindley Hall 301G. Interdisciplinary Biochemistry Program social media ...
Investigator: Marcia k. O'Malley. Official Title: Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering. Affiliation: William Marsh Rice University. Collaborators: University ...
Biography. Dr. Ling Liu is an Associate Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Temple University from Fall 2019. Prior to joining Temple, ...
Rada Y. Chirkova is an associate professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She has received a B.Sc. and a M.Sc., both in Applied ...
Marcia K. O'Malley was recently elected ASME. Fellow. She is an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Rice. University. □ ASME DSCD member.
View Yuzhen Ye's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yuzhen has ... YY Ahn. Associate Professor at Indiana University Bloomington.Bloomington, Indiana Area - ‎Prof - ‎IU
Biography. Ling Liu is currently an associate professor at the College of Computing, Georgia Tech. Before joining Georgia Tech, she was on faculty at the ...
Antonia Zhai Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science and Engineering · University of Minnesota. Physical Addresses, Virtual Addresses.
Jan 23, 2020 - Michela Taufer joined the University of Delaware in 2007 where she was promoted to associate professor with tenure in 2012 and full professor ...
[pdf]. Associate Professor ... Sophia Malamud and Irina Dubinina received the Faculty Grant from the Mandel Foundation for Humanities for the BiRCh project.
Tina Eliassi-Rad is a professor of computer science at Northeastern University. ... Prior to joining Northeastern, she was an associate professor of computer ...
Ling Liu. Associate Professor at Temple University. Temple UniversityColumbia University in the City of New York. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania33 connections.Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Temple University
Antonia Zhai. Associate Professor. 6-205 Keller Hall. 612-626-1285. zhai@ ...
Results 31 - 40 of 86 - Dr. Kim J. Hyatt teaches core communication courses for the ... Brian Kovak is an Associate Professor of Economics and Public Policy at ...
View Yuzhen Ye's business profile as Chair, Professor of Computer Science ... Yuzhen Ye , Ph.D. Associate Professor School of Informatics , Indiana University.
Tina Eliassi-Rad is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Northeastern University. She is also on the faculty of the Network Science Institute. Prior to ...
View Ling Liu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Liked by Ling Liu ... Associate Professor at Georgia Institute of Technology.
Dr. Kim J. Hyatt is an Associate Teaching Professor at Carnegie Mellon ... Associate Professor, Department of Veterinary Biosciences at The Ohio State ...
Yuzhen Ye Professor ... Associate Professor, Biochemistry Interdisciplinary Graduate Program, Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry Department, College of Arts ...
Antonia Zhai. Associate Professor at University of Minnesota. University of MinnesotaCarnegie Mellon University. Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area324 ...Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Minnesota
Sophia Malamud. Linguistics. Biography. Sophia is an Associate Professor of Language and Linguistics at Brandeis University. She is a theoretical linguist, ...
Ling LiuPh.D. Associate Professor. Email: liul@uwec.edu. Phone: (715) 836-3915. Campus: UW-Eau Claire. Education. Ph.D. in Accounting, University of Texas ...
Associate Director/Associate Professor at Western Carolina University (2005 – 2010) ... Dr. Kim J. Hyatt is an Associate Teaching Professor at Carnegie Mellon ...
Jared Keengwe is an Associate Professor in the Department of Teaching and Learning at ... Kim J. Hyatt is an Associate Teaching Professor at Carnegie Mellon ...
Mar 10, 2014 - Antonia Zhai is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota. Her research ...
Sophia Malamud. Utterance Modifiers ... I am currently an Associate Professor of Language and Linguistics at Brandeis University. My research focuses on the ...
Yuqing Melanie Wu, Associate Professor Indiana University, Bloomington Department of Computer Science. Yuzhen Ye, Associate Professor Indiana University ...
Get Antonia Zhai's email address, z*****@cs.umn.edu. ... Antonia Zhai's Email and Phone. Associate Professor @ University of Minnesota ...
Associate Professor, Department of Language Sciences, University of ... Valentine Hacquard (MIT); Sophia Malamud (University of Pennsylvania); Marta ...
Associate Professor, School of Informatics Associate Director Bioinformatics ... Predra Radivojac, Haixu Tang, Yuzhen Ye), CGB, and Microbiology core (2008) 3 ...
Jul 8, 2019 - Applications or inquiries may be sent to Dr. Ling Liu, Associate Professor of the Temple ME Department, at liu.usu@gmail.com. » Ling Liu's ...
2014-Present, Associate Professor (non-tenure-track), Program in Linguistics, Brandeis University ... Co-chair (with Sophia Malamud), LLP Events Committee.
Jun 13, 2012 - ... Yuzhen Ye, the team of bioinformaticists and biologists reconstructed ... both of the School of Informatics and Computing, associate professor ...
Jian-Ping Wang, Associate Professor University of ... Renata Wentzcovitch, Associate Professor University of ... Antonia Zhai, Assistant Professor University of ...
Apr 20, 2018 - Utah State University professor and researcher Ling Liu will receive a ... Liu, an associate professor of mechanical engineering who joined ...
Nianwen XUE, Associate Professor of Brandeis University, Waltham | Read 115 publications | Contact Nianwen ... Alex Lưu; Sophia Malamud; Nianwen Xue.
Founder of Inclusive Thinking; President at Project Alive; Associate Professor of ... Mellon University Teaching Innovation Award * Dr. Kim J. Hyatt teaches core ...
Associate Professor. 4-159 Keller Hall. 612-625-4588. kia@umn. ... Associate Professor. 5-115 Keller Hall. 612-624-8837 ... ANTONIA ZHAI. Associate Professor.
Feb 8, 2013 - Jessica Lin, Ph.D. ( 林 虹汎). Associate Professor. Department of Computer Science · George Mason University. Office: Engineering Building ...
Clayton Cook, Associate Professor - Department of Educational Psychology ... Behavior, Carlson School of Management; Antonia Zhai, Associate Professor, ...
Xiaoli Fern is an associate professor of computer science at Oregon State University. She received her Ph.D. (2005) in computer engineering from Purdue ...
Kim J. Hyatt: Director, Graduate Elementary Leading Teacher Program ... Associate Professor in Vilnius Gediminas Technical University and The Head of ...Dan Remenyi - 2009 - ‎Distance education
Silvia Ferrari, John Brancaccio Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace ... Associate Professor Meredith Silberstein won 2020 DARPA Young Faculty Award.
Antonia Zhai Bingheng. 2018Associate ProfessorUniversity Of Minnesota, Antonia Zhai Bingheng, 2018, Associate Professor, University Of Minnesota, View ...
Tina Eliassi-Rad is a Professor of Computer Science at Northeastern University in ... Prior to joining Northeastern, Tina was an Associate Professor of Computer ...
Associate Professor, Computer Science. Jessica Lin. Download Image. Contact ... Jessica Lin joined George Mason University in 2005. Her areas of interest and ...
Ana Milanova. Associate Professor Department of Computer Science Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 110 8th Street, Troy, NY 12180-3590. Office: Lally Hall ...
View Jessica Lin's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jessica has 4 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Fairfax, Virginia - ‎Associate Professor - ‎George Mason University
Xiaoli Z. Fern, Ph.D. Associate Professor. School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science · Oregon State University ...
View Silvia Ferrari's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Associate Professor at University of Colorado at Boulder. Boulder, CO.Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Duke University
Ana Milanova. 职称:Associate Professor. 所属学校:Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 所属院系:Computer Science Department. 所属专业:Computer Science.
Ana Milanova, Assistant Professor Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Department of ... Heidi Newberg, Associate Professor Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Kate Larson. Associate Professor Cheriton School of Computer ... Personal. Photos. Photo Album. Copyright © 2007 Kate Larson | Design by Andreas Viklund.
Jessica Lin Associate Professor. 2014-15 total compensation. $95,076. Pay components: Base salary: $95,076. George Mason University rank, 819 of 4,043.
Xiaoli Fern. Associate professor at Oregon State University. Oregon State UniversityPurdue University. Corvallis, Oregon Area188 connections. Join to Connect.Corvallis, Oregon Area - ‎Assistant professor - ‎Oregon State University
7/02-present Associate Professor of Computer Science, Haverford College. 9/95-6/02 ... Chen Fu, Ana Milanova, Barbara G. Ryder and David Wonnacott.
Dr. Jessica Lin is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University. She received her PhD from University of...
Mar 27, 2018 - Ana Milanova is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Her research interests are ...
Jul 9, 2017 - ... associate professor of computer science, who is collaborating on the ... Silvia Ferrari, professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering, ...
May 16, 2019 - In October 2018 Bemidji State University's Dr. Kate Larson, associate professor of psychology, Dr. Kathryn Klement, assistant professor of ...
Sep 19, 2007 - Ana Milanova (Assistant Professor, Computer Science) received a ... Chang Ryu (Associate Professor, Chemistry and Chemical Biology), ...
View Kate Larson's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Kate has 3 jobs ... Associate Professor of Computer Science. University of ...
Associate Professor, Chair, Graduate Program. (518) 276-6911 gradbio@rpi. ... assOCiate PrOFessOr. Blanca Barquera ... ana Milanova. Software engineering ...
Speaker's Biography. Dr. Jessica Lin is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University. She received her PhD from ...
Associate Professor, 10/2008 – 8/2015. Assistant Professor ... [TOSEM05]. 79. Ana Milanova, Atanas Rountev, and Barbara G. Ryder, "Parameterized Object.
Professor Silvia Ferrari is equipping autonomous robots with intelligence to go where ... and Cell Engineering Lab directed by Associate Professor Ankur Singh.
Michael Duncan, Associate Professor Cornell University Chemical and ... Christopher J Earls, Associate Professor Cornell University ... Silvia Ferrari, Professor
Xiaowei Yang. Contact. 450 Research Drive, Xiaowei Yang. D336 LSRC Building, Associate Professor. Durham, NC 27708, Department ...
Jan 7, 2020 - MIT Associate Professor Virginia Williams combines mathematical theory and computer science to coax algorithms to run faster or proves ...
View Amy Greenwald's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Amy has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Providence, Rhode Island Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Brown University
Williams Associate Professor of Law. williams_vf@law.mercer.edu (478) 301-2618. Curriculum Vita · Apply Now (No Fee!) Visit · Mercer Law Viewbook ...
Jun 28, 2017 - Two of the impending arrivals, Jennifer Mankoff and Jon Froehlich, will ... mater as an associate professor after having spent the past five years ...
Kate Larson https://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~klarson/ University of Waterloo Canada. Associate Professor, Cheriton School of Computer Science. Robin Cohen
Virginia Vassilevska Williams is a Steven and Renee Finn Career Development Associate Professor at MIT CSAIL. Summa cum laude in Computer Science, ...
Associate Professor of Computer Science. ... Lsrc-D336, Durham, NC 27708; Office Phone: (919) 660-6536; Email Address: xiaowei.yang@duke.edu; Websites:.
In a new podcast, Jennifer Mankoff, associate professor in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute, discusses how computer scientists can help reduce energy ...
Jennifer Mankoff is an Associate Professor in the Human Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, where she joined the faculty in 2004. She ...
Xiaowei Yang. Associate Professor at Duke University. Duke UniversityMassachusetts Institute of Technology. Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area393 ...Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Duke University
Lili Qiu. Professor Department of Computer Science. Operating systems, Distributed ... I am currently an Associate Professor in Computer Science Department at ...
Feb 20, 2002 - Jennifer Mankoff Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. B.A. Oberlin College '95. Ph.D. Georgia Institute of ...
View Xiaowei Yang's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Xiaowei has 1 job ... Xiaowei Yang. Associate Professor at Duke University.Chandler, Arizona - ‎Drafter I - ‎A Team Professional Associates, Inc.
Lili Qiu is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin. She received a Ph.D. in Computer Science from ...
Amy Greenwald. Brown University. Associate Professor, Computer Science. http://cs.brown.edu/people/faculty/amy.html. Lifetime Partner. Apple Logo. Strategic ...
Dec 2, 2016 - Lili Qiu is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Sciences (link is external) at the University of Texas at Austin. She received a Ph ...
Associate Professor, Computer Science ... Dr. Lili Qiu, Professor of Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin, develops a series of novel approaches ...
Xiaowei Yang, born in 1969, Ph.D., and Associate Professor in the College of Mathematical Sciences, South China University of Technology. He has over 70 ...by R Cai - ‎2009 - ‎Cited by 89 - ‎Related articles
Lili Qiu. The University of Texas at Austin, TX, USA. BIOGRAPHY. Academic ... Associate Professor, Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, NJ, 2012 – 2014;.
Mar 28, 2016 - Dr. Jennifer Mankoff is an Associate Professor at CMU's Human Computer Interaction Institute. From Dr. Mankoff's page on the HCII site: My ...
Wei Kevin ZHANG, Associate Professor, Ph.D. School of Pharmaceutical Sciences South-Central ... Xiaowei YANG, Professor, Ph.D. School of Materials Science
Jan 30, 2016 - Bio: Dr. Jennifer Mankoff is an Associate Professor in the Human Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. She earned her ...
Duke University Associate Chief Information Officer, Associate Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Associate Professor of Computer Science, Bass Fellow. 19870101. permalink ... Xiaowei Yang. Associate Professor of Computer ...
MIT, Daniela Rus, Associate Professor, 1992, Cornell, CS. Stanford, Alex Aiken ... UT Austin, Lili Qiu, Assistant Professor, 2001, Cornell, CS. UT Austin, Yin ...
I am an associate professor of Human-Centered Computing at New York ... Mellon in 2010, with Scott Hudson and Jennifer Mankoff as my dissertation advisors.
Carlotta Domeniconi. Associate Professor Department of Computer Science, MS 4A5 George Mason University Fairfax, VA 22030 ...Office‎: ‎Engineering Building Room 4424
Carlotta Domeniconi. Associate Professor, Computer Science. Download ... Biography. Carlotta Domeniconi has taught at George Mason University since 2002.
Lili Qiu is a Professor at Computer Science Dept. in UT Austin. She got ... Shyam Gollakota is an Associate Professor of Computer Science & Engineering at the ...
View Lotus Goldberg's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Lotus has 3 jobs listed on their ... Associate Professor (non-tenure-track).
Carlotta Domeniconi. Associate Professor at George Mason University. George Mason UniversityUniversity of California, Riverside. Fairfax, Virginia269 ...Fairfax, Virginia - ‎Associate Professor - ‎George Mason University
Carlotta DOMENICONI, Associate Professor of George Mason University, VA (GMU) | Read 184 publications | Contact Carlotta DOMENICONI.
Carlotta Domeniconi received the BSc degree in Computer Science from the University ... She is currently an associate professor in the Department of Computer ...
Apr 21, 2017 - After careful consideration, we are pleased to announce that the 2017 Mentoring Award recipient will be Lotus Goldberg, Associate Professor of ...
Carlotta Domeniconi Associate Professor. 2015-16 total compensation. $106,329. Pay components: Base salary: $106,329. George Mason University rank, 643 ...
Lotus Goldberg. PhD, McGill University. Professor of ... of Massachusetts, Amherst. Adjunct Associate Professor of the Practice of Linguistics and Industry Liaison.
View Carlotta Domeniconi's business profile as Associate Professor at George Mason University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work ...
Lotus Goldberg's CV. ... 2014-Present, Associate Professor (non-tenure-track), Program in Linguistics, Brandeis University (also affiliated 2008-Present with the ...
Carlotta Domeniconi's Email and Phone. Associate Professor @ George Mason University. Carlotta Domeniconi's Email. c****a@cs.gmu.edu. View Carlotta's ...
View Lotus Goldberg's business profile as Associate Professor (Non-Tenure-Track) at Brandeis University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, ...
Data Mining [CS 484] Spring 2019 Carlotta Domeniconi Associate Professor Dept. of Computer Science George Mason University email: carlotta@cs.gmu.edu ...
Jan 19, 2016 - ... Lotus Goldberg (BA 1993, MA 1998), who received her PhD from McGill University in 2005 and is currently Associate Professor at Brandeis.
Associate Professor Département de ... Associate Professor (Canadian Research Chair, Tier II) ... Lotus Goldberg (2005) (co-supervised with Jason Merchant)
Tamara Maddox. Tamara Maddox. Associate Professor (Teaching). Office. Engineering 5347. Phone. 703-993-1525. Email. tmaddox@cs.gmu.edu. Web.
Associate Professor, Computer Science ... Tamara Maddox instructs students in the complex topics of intellectual property, computer ethics, artificial intelligence, ...
View Tamara Maddox's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tamara has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Casanova, Virginia - ‎Associate Professor - ‎George Mason University
Lotus Goldberg. Associate Professor, Lang & Linguistics Computer Science. 103. 2/8/15. David H. ... Fernando J. Rosenberg Associate Professor. ROMS. 116.
Associate Professor; Department of Sociology ... Soma Chaudhuri is a qualitative sociologist whose research lies at the intersection of gender, development, ...
View Tamara Maddox's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tamara's education ... Associate Professor at George Mason University.
Tamara Maddox Associate Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $83,503. Pay components: Base salary: $83,503. George Mason University rank, 1,248 of ...
Tamara Maddox worked as an Associate Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2019 had a reported pay of $86008.
Associate Professor, Department of Sociology; Faculty; 517-353-0874; chaudh30@msu.edu ... Video Introduction with Soma Chaudhuri [ Video_icon ] ...
Tamara Maddox (2017). Associate Professor George Mason University, 2017, Tamara Maddox, Associate Professor, George Mason University, View Salary & ...
Soma Chaudhuri is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Iowa State University. She received her Bachelors degrees in Mathematics and ...
Soma Chaudhuri is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Iowa State University. She received her Bachelors degrees in Mathematics and ...
... Dr. Carol Burger, an associate professor at the ... alumna, Tamara Maddox, has been at both ends of the ... Tamara Maddox — along with our newest female ...
Xiaohui (Helen) Gu. Founder and CTO at InsightFinder (We are hiring!) && Professor at NC State University. North Carolina State UniversityUniversity of Illinois ...
William EnckAssociate Professor of Computer Science, North Carolina State UniversityVerified email at ncsu.edu. Follow. Xiaohui (Helen) Gu (顾晓晖）.
Jul 8, 2014 - My name is Xiaohui (Helen) Gu and I am an associate professor in the computer science department at NC State University. I lead the ...
Sep 2, 2009 - Associate professor Dr. Xiaosong Ma (lead PI), and assistant professor Dr. Xiaohui (Helen) Gu (co-PI), of the Computer Science Department at ...
Associate Professor North Carolina State University (NCSU). Xiaohui (Helen) Gu is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the North ...
Homepage: www4.ncsu.edu/ jdu/ Co-advisors: Dr. Xiaohui (Helen) Gu and Dr. ... Yuanjie He Associate Professor, Technology and Operations Management ...
Associate Professor • Department of Computer Science • North Carolina State University. Director, Wolfpack ... Hiep Nguyen [advised by Dr. Xiaohui (Helen) Gu].
(Aerospace Engineering), Victoria Interrante, George Karypis, and Vipin Kumar ... University of Minnesota Associate Professor, Department of Computer Science ...
AIA, LEED-AP Associate Professor and Director, Master of Architecture Program Email: brownell@umn.edu. Phone: 612-626-1040. Victoria Interrante Professor ...
Victoria Interrante is an Associate Professor at the University of Minnesota Twin Cities campus. She received her Ph.D. from the University of North Carolina, ...
D. Associate Professor of Psychology, University of Wisconsin-Madison ... Dr. Victoria Interrante presents on ...Jan 28, 2019 - Uploaded by XR Advance
Search 13 grants from Victoria Interrante ... In this project, an associate professor of computer science and an associate professor of architecture teamed up to ...
Victoria Interrante is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and an associate member of the Center for Cognitive Sciences at the ...
Victoria Interrante is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and. Engineering, a full faculty member in the Center for Cognitive Sciences ...by LM Encarnação - ‎2015
... Victoria Interrante, Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the ... Dan Graham, Associate Professor in the Department of Psychology and the ...
Victoria Interrante is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Minnesota. She received her PhD in 1996 from the ...
Victoria Interrante. Interrante is Associate Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota. Her primary research expertise is in ...
View Jodi Forlizzi's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Nierenberg Associate Professor of Design at School of Design, Carnegie ...
Jodi Forlizzi holds interdisciplinary appointments as associate professor both in Carnegie Mellon's School of Design and its Human-Computer Interaction ...
Associate Professor, Human Computer Interaction Institute and School of. Design, Carnegie ... Designing Pleasurable Products and Interfaces, Ed. Jodi Forlizzi.
Jodi Forlizzi is an Associate Professor of Design and Human-Computer Interaction at Carnegie Mellon University, in Pittsburgh, PA. She also leads the ...
Jodi Forlizzi. Professor and Geschke Director of the HCI ... CIO and Co-Founder at Pratter, LLC Associate Professor at Carnegie Mellon University Innovator at ...
May 21, 2010 - Jodi Forlizzi is an Associate Professor of Design and Human-Computer Interaction and the A. Nico Habermann Chair of Computer Science at ...
Jan 22, 2020 - Jodi Forlizzi is an Associate Professor of Design and Human-Computer Interaction and the A. Nico Habermann Chair of Computer Science at ...
Jodi Forlizzi holds interdisciplinary appointments as associate professor both in Carnegie Mellon's School of Design and its Human-Computer Interaction ...
10-01-14 Dr. Tracy Anne Hammond, associate professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, was one of four speakers at Evolution of the ...
Tracy Anne Hammond. Professor. Office: EABC 103; Phone: ... Associate Professor; Lynn '84 and Bill Crane '83 Faculty Fellow. Office: HRBB 502C; Phone: ...
Tracy Anne Hammond http://www.cse.tamu.edu/people/faculty/hammond. Texas A&amp;M University United States. Associate Professor, Department of ...
Tracy Anne Hammond http://srl.cs.tamu.edu. Texas A&amp;M University United States. Associate Professor, Computer Science and Engineering Department.by W Li - ‎Related articles
Pankaj Rajan Great to see you Dr. Tracy Anne Hammond and of course Paul Taele, the ... SRL is directed by Dr. Tracy Hammond, an associate professor in the ...
SRL is directed by Dr. Tracy Hammond, an associate professor in the Computer ... by CSE Associate Professor Dr. Tracy Anne Hammond, in the Department of ...
Dr. Tracy Anne Hammond, Texas A&M University. Director of the Sketch Recognition Lab and Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science.
Max Van Kleek, Associate Professor at University of Oxford, Usable ... Tracy Anne Hammond, Professor at Texas A&M University, Design Rationale Group.
Elizabeth White. Associate Professor, Associate Chair, Computer Science. Contact Information MORE LESS. 703-993-1586 (office); white@gmu.edu; Nguyen ...
Elizabeth White. Elizabeth White. Associate Professor and Associate Chair. Office. Engineering 5315. Phone. 703-993-1586. Email. white@cs.gmu.edu. Web.
View Elizabeth White's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Elizabeth has 2 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Fairfax County, Virginia, United States - ‎Associate Chair and Associate Professor, Computer Science - ‎George Mason University
Elizabeth White Associate Professor. 2018-19 total compensation. $100,398. Pay components: Base salary: $100,398. George Mason University rank, 870 of ...
Elizabeth White worked as an Associate Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2019 had a reported pay of $100398.
Elizabeth White worked as an Associate Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $95562.
Elizabeth White Nelson. Associate Professor. Department of History. University of Nevada, Las Vegas. 4505 Maryland Parkway. Box 455020. Las Vegas ...
Elizabeth WHITE, Associate Professor of Illinois State University (ISU) | Read 22 publications | Contact Elizabeth WHITE.
Elizabeth White joined the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University in. Fall 1995 as an Assistant Professor and became an Associate ...
Elizabeth White Baker, Cameron School of Business, Assistant Professor, Management Information ... Associate Professor of Management Information Systems
Cristina Nita-Rotaru. ... J. Vitek), (Ph.D. Purdue University, May 2005), Associate Professor, Florida International University. M.S.: Asad Salman, (M.S. ...
Home » Gallery » Cristina Nita-Rotaru - Associate Professor Computer Science and CERIAS Fellow, Purdue University. Cristina Nita-Rotaru - Associate ...
Apr 10, 2017 - Purdue Computer Science Department's associate professor, Cristina Nita-Rotaru (one of the researchers honored) is presented with a ...
View Cristina Nita-Rotaru's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest ... Associate Professor at Purdue University. Lafayette, Indiana Area.
Cristina Nita-Rotaru is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Purdue University where she established the Dependable and Secure ...
Oct 13, 2015 - Cristina Nita-Rotaru, Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science. Her research lies at the intersection of information security, ...
Associate Professor, Khoury College ... Cristina Nita-Rotaru. Professor ... Associate Professor, Director - BS in Cybersecurity Program, Khoury College ...
Cristina Nita-Rotaru Professor, network security, resilient distributed systems, automated testing and verification. Alina Oprea Associate Professor, cloud security, ...
Feb 14, 2011 - Bio: Dr. Cristina Nita-Rotaru is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Purdue University where she established the ...
View Kavita Bala's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... Liked by Kavita Bala ... Associate Professor at Columbia University in the City of New York.
You are here. Home » Kavita Bala. Kavita Bala. Associate Professor. Bill and Melinda Gates Hall, Room 315 kavitabala@cornell.edu · 607-255-1383. Website(s).
Kavita Bala, Assistant Professor, 1999, MIT, EE & CS. Kenneth P. Birman ... Claire Cardie, Associate Professor, 1994, UMass, CS. Rich Caruana, Assistant ...
Kavita Bala, an associate professor in Cornell's Computer Science Department and Computer Graphics Program, will talk about the university's pioneering ...
Kavita Bala, an associate professor in Cornell's Computer Science Department and Computer Graphics Program, will talk about the university's pioneering ...
Jul 17, 2015 - Kavita Bala, an associate professor in Cornell's computer science department and computer graphics program, will give a presentation about ...
Daniel Aneshansley, Associate Professor Cornell University ... A. Brad Anton, Associate Professor Cornell University ... Kavita Bala, Assistant Professor
Overview. Arpita Ghosh is an Associate Professor of Information Science in the School of Computing and Information Science at Cornell University. Her research ...
View Arpita Ghosh's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Arpita has 2 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Ithaca, New York - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Cornell University
arpitag. Name: Arpita Ghosh. Position: Associate Professor. Academic Group: Finance and Control. Phone No.: +91-33-2467-8300 Extn 2044. Contact Details:.
Arpita Ghosh is an associate professor of information science in the School of Computing and Information Science at Cornell University. Her research centers ...
Bio: Arpita Ghosh is an Associate Professor of Information Science at Cornell University. Her research focuses on algorithms and mechanism design in the ...
Arpita Ghosh. Cornell University ... names you have authored papers under. Arpita Ghosh. Suggest Name ... Associate Professor. Cornell University. Present.
View Arpita Ghosh's business profile as Professor at Indian Institute of ... Arpita Ghosh is an Associate Professor in Finance and Control area of Indian in.
Arpita Ghosh is an Associate Professor of Finance and Control group in Indian Institute of Management Calcutta. She joined IIM Calcutta in May 2010.
Short bio. Valeria Bertacco is an Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) at the University of Michigan. Her research ...
Valeria Bertacco is Arthur F. Thurnau Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer ... Thomas Wenisch is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and ...
Christopher Batten is an Associate Professor of Electrical and Computer ... Valeria Bertacco is Arthur F. Thurnau Professor of Electrical Engineering and ...
Valeria Bertacco is an Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan. She is currently spending her sabbatical ...
Aug 9, 2011 - It gives me great pleasure to announce that Valeria Bertacco, associate professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the ...
50:05Nov 13, 2013 - Uploaded by UW VideoIn this talk, Valeria Bertacco, Associate Professor in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the ...
Valeria Bertacco, associate professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, will receive this year's Early Career Award ...
At last week's Black Hat Briefing in Las Vegas, Valeria Bertacco, associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at University of Michigan ...
Dr. Xia Zhou, Associate Professor, Dartmouth College; Dr. Robin H. Kravets, Professor, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign; Dr. Lili Qiu, Professor, ...
Dr. Xia Zhou, Associate Professor, Dartmouth College; Dr. Robin H. Kravets, Professor, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign; Dr. Lili Qiu, Professor, ...
TAREK F. ABDELZAHER is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science ... ROBIN H. KRAVETS is currently an Associate Professor at the Computer Science ...by MD Rossetti - ‎Cited by 131 - ‎Related articles
TAREK F. ABDELZAHER is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science ... ROBIN H. KRAVETS is currently an Associate Professor at the Computer Science ...by MYS Uddin - ‎2009 - ‎Cited by 130 - ‎Related articles
Associate Professor Robin H. Kravets, Chair and Director of Research. Professor Tarek Abdelzaher. Associate Professor Indranil Gupta. Dr Sung-Ju Lee, Narus, ...by R CREPALDI - ‎2013 - ‎Related articles
Doctoral Committee: Assistant Professor Indranil Gupta, Chair. Professor Gul Agha. Associate Professor Robin H. Kravets. Professor Maarten van Steen, Vrije ...by JAYA PATEL - ‎Cited by 4 - ‎Related articles
Associate Professor Robin H. Kravets, Chair and Director of Research. Professor Nitin H. Vaidya. Associate Professor Yih-Chun Hu. Professor Tarek Abdelzaher.by F ASHRAF - ‎Cited by 1 - ‎Related articles
and is an associate professor in the Computer. Science Department at the ... Robin H. Kravets received the PhD degree. from the College of Computing at the ...
Mor Harchol-Balter. Associate Professor, Carnegie Mellon University. Carnegie Mellon UniversityUniversity of California, Berkeley. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania386 ...Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Carnegie Mellon University
View Mor Harchol-Balter's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Associate Professor at Harvard University, MLPerf Inference Co-Chair, ...Greater Pittsburgh Area - ‎Professor - ‎Carnegie Mellon University
Mor Harchol-Balter is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. She received her doctorate from the Computer Science ...by T Osogami - ‎2005 - ‎Cited by 41 - ‎Related articles
View Mor Harchol-Balter's business profile as Associate Professor at Carnegie Mellon University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work ...
... Mor Harchol-Balter Professor at Carnegie Mellon University; Lufei Ruan PhD ... Mustafa Akan Associate Professor of Operations Management at Carnegie ...
... Joint CS/EE Networking Seminar Series Speaker: Prof. Mor Harchol-Balter , Associate Professor (Computer Science Dept., Carnegie Mellon University)
1:12:39Mor Harchol-Balter. Mor Harchol-Balter is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie ...Jul 13, 2006 - Uploaded by Microsoft Research
Mor Harchol-Balter, Professor, Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon ... Alexis Kwasinski, Associate Professor, Electrical & Computer Engineering, ...
Mor Harchol-Balter is an Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department at. Carnegie Mellon University. She is a leader in the ACM Sigmetrics ...
Associate Professor, Chemistry at Carnegie Mellon University · Pittsburgh. Gloria Gruber. Carnegie Mellon ... Karyn E. Moore. Professor of Economics and Public ...
Wilpen L. Gorr · Karyn E. Moore · Information Technology. Management ... Associate Professor of Health Care Management Martin Gaynor, Kate. Ho, Robert J
