Emma Brunskill is an assistant professor in the department of computer science. She is affiliated with the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and the ...
Assistant Professor. University of North Carolina - Chapel ... Assistant Professor. University on North carolina ( ) ... Cynthia Sturton. c****n@cs.unc.edu. Present.
... アドレス: uber.com. Cynthia SturtonAssistant Professor of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill確認したメール アドレス: cs.unc.edu.
Miriah Meyer is a USTAR assistant professor in the School of Computing at the University of Utah and a faculty member in the Scientific Computing and Imaging ...
Huijia (Rachel) Lin. Assistant ... I am an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Santa Barbara. From 2011 to ...
Emma Brunskill. Assistant Professor, CS, Affiliate, Machine Learning Carnegie Mellon University ebrunskill at cs dot cmu dot edu. My goal is to increase human ...
View Emma Brunskill's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... Chris Piech. Assistant Professor of Computer Science Education at Stanford University.
Huijia (Rachel) Lin. Assistant Professor Computer Science. Affiliation: Computer Science. External Website ...
Miriah Meyer is an assistant professor at the University of Utah, where she runs the Visualization Design Lab. Her work focuses on designing visualizations for ...
Tamara Denning · Assistant Professor at University of Utah School of Computing · About · Experience · Education · Websites · People also viewed · Others named ...Salt Lake City, Utah - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Utah School of Computing
Miriah Meyer is a USTAR assistant professor in the School of Computing at the University of Utah and a faculty member in the Scientific Computing and Imaging ...
1:11:04Feb 23, 2015 - Uploaded by Microsoft ResearchHuijia (Rachel) Lin. Huijia (Rachel) Lin is currently an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science ...
The latest Tweets from Emma Brunskill (@EmmaBrunskill). Assistant professor, CS, Stanford. Stanford's Human Centered AI (HAI) Institute. Reinforcement ...
The latest Tweets from Marine Carpuat (@MarineCarpuat). Assistant Professor, Computer Science, University of Maryland. I go by she/her. Washington, DC.
Jessica Hammer is an assistant professor in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Contents. 1 Early life and education ...
Emma Brunskill. Assistant Professor, Stanford University. Website. Workshop Organizer. Program: Theory of Reinforcement Learning. Dates of Visit: Aug.
Nov 16, 2018 - Assistant Professor Marine Carpuat gives the final inclusion speaker series talk of the semester entitled “An Introduction to Machine Translation.
Huijia (Rachel) Lin is currently an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science department at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Previously, she was a ...
TAMARA DENNING. Assistant Professor, School Of Computing. Teaching · Research · Service · Current Courses · Publications · Research Keywords.
Assistant Professor Marine Carpuat gives the final inclusion speaker series talk of the semester entitled “An Introduction to Machine Translation.” The...
The latest Tweets from Tamara Denning (@tamaradenning). Assistant Professor in the School of Computing at the University of Utah. My interests are in the ...
Dana Dachman-Soled, Vanessa Frias-Martinez, Rob Patro, Michelle Mazurek and Marine Carpuat have all been promoted from assistant professor to associate ...
Bio: Huijia (Rachel) Lin is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), where she co-leads ...
May 18, 2014 - Tamara Denning! Prof. Denning will be joining the University of Utah's School of Computing as a tenure-track Assistant Professor.
Mar 31, 2016 - Amy Ogan, an assistant professor in the HCII and an educational technologist, is fascinated by researching ways to make learning more ...
Assistant Professor, Carnegie Mellon University - ‪Cited by 2861‬ - ‪Game design‬ - ‪education‬
Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland - ‪Cited by 2117‬ - ‪Natural Language Processing‬ - ‪Machine Translation‬ - ‪Lexical Semantics‬
Bio: Huijia (Rachel) Lin is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at UC Santa Barbara. She holds a PhD from Cornell University and has ...
Amy Ogan. Carnegie Mellon University. Assistant Professor Human-Computer Interaction Institute School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University
Colin Dale, Assistant Professor University of Utah ... Tommaso De Fernex, Assistant Professor University of ... Tamara Denning, Assistant Professor University of ...
Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland - ‪อ้างอิงโดย 2117 รายการ‬ - ‪Natural Language Processing‬ - ‪Machine Translation‬ - ‪Lexical‬ ...
Amy Ogan is an HCI, Educational Technology, and Learning Sciences ... accepted a position as an Assistant Professor in the HCII at Carnegie Mellon University.
Assistant Professor, Computer Science Department, Wellesley College, Wellesley, MA ... Tamara Denning, Ada Lerner, Adam Shostack, and Tadayoshi Kohno.
Professor Emma Brunskill, Stanford University Professor Emma Brunskill Assistant Professor, Computer Science Stanford AI for Human Impact Lab Stanford...
Amy Ogan. Assistant Professor of Human-Computer Interaction, Carnegie Mellon University. Thomas and Lydia Moran Assistant Professor of Learning Science; ...
Jessica Hammer is an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University, jointly appointed between the HCI Institute and the Entertainment Technology Center.
Yuval MartonMorgan Stanley; Affiliate Assistant Professor, University of WashingtonCorreu electrònic verificat a uw.edu ... Segueix. Marine Carpuat. Department ...
A team of graduate student researchers at the University of Washington, led by Tamara Denning, now an assistant professor at the University of Utah, wrote what ...
Feb 27, 2020 - Emma Brunskill is an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department at Stanford University where she leads the AI for Human Impact ...
Barbara E. Engelhardt, an associate professor, joined the Princeton ... where she had been an assistant professor in Biostatistics and Bioinformatics and ...
Jessica Hammer, assistant professor in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute and Entertainment Technology Center, and co-designer Moyra Turkington are.
Raluca Ada Popa is an assistant professor of computer science at UC Berkeley. She is interested in security, systems, and applied cryptography. Raluca ...
Prof. Amy Ogan is Thomas and Lydia Moran Assistant Professor of Learning Science in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.
Tamara Broderick is a PhD candidate in statistics at the University of California, Berkeley and will start as an assistant professor in EECS at MIT in January 2015.
Raluca Popa is an assistant professor at UC Berkeley. She is interested in security, systems, and applied cryptography. Raluca co-founded the RISELab, whose ...
Jess Hammer, assistant professor, is a game design research within the HCII. ... In the Loop: Jessica Hammer | Human-Computer Interaction Institute. Jessica ...
Tamara Ann Broderick is an American computer scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of ... Broderick joined Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an Assistant Professor in 2015. She is interested in Bayesian statistics and Graphical ...Awards‎: ‎National Science Foundation CAREER ...Doctoral advisor‎: ‎Michael I. JordanInstitutions‎: ‎Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyThesis‎: ‎Clusters and features from combinatorial ...‎Education and early career · ‎Research and career · ‎Academic service
Barbara E Engelhardt (Assistant professor, CS and CSML, Princeton University 2014-present) [CV]; Derek Aguiar (Postdoc, CS, Princeton University ...
Juan Cui. Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering Courtesy Assistant Professor, School of Biological Science Univeristy of ...
... an Assistant Professor of computer science at @CarnegieMellon University! ... PreVeil CTO Raluca Popa describes how end-to-end encryption can disguise ...
May 13, 2013 - Mary Anderson-Rowland is Associate Professor in the Department of ... serving as an assistant professor of engineering from 1974 to 1979.
Jessica Hammer is an assistant professor in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.[1][2]
View Tamara Broderick's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tamara has 1 job listed ... ITT Career Development Assistant Professor.Cambridge, Massachusetts - ‎Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Barbara E Engelhardt. Country. Show details. United States ... 2014-09-01 to present | Assistant Professor (Computer Science). Employment. Source: Barbara ...
Tamara Broderick is the ITT Career Development Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT. ...
Mary Anderson-Rowland Emeritus Professor Industrial Engineering ... Assistant Professor Industrial Engineering. Research Interests Theory and application of ...
Our assistant professor Juan Cui has developed the first automated tool for distinguishing between native and migratory microRNA in humans and other ...
Juan Cui, PhD. Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering; Project Leader, Nebraska Center for the Prevention of Obesity Diseases.
Barbara E Engelhardt. Princeton University ... Princeton University (princeton.edu). Present. Assistant Professor. Princeton University. Present. Suggest Position ...
Tamara Broderick first came to campus as a high schooler participating in MIT's Women's Technology Program—now she's an assistant professor in EECS....
Aug 19, 2015 - He first explored his interest in engineering education as Assistant Professor at the ... Mary Anderson-Rowland: Welcoming and supporting ...
View Stefanie Tellex's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Stefanie ... Joukowsky Family Assistant Professor Of Computer Science.
Juan CUI, Assistant Professor of University of Nebraska at Lincoln, Nebraska (NU) | Read 139 publications | Contact Juan CUI.
... names you have authored papers under. Barbara Engelhardt. ,. Barbara E. Engelhardt ... Assistant Professor. Princeton University. Present. Suggest Position ...
Aug 15, 2016 - ... tenure after only three and half years as an assistant professor. ... fellow pioneer Mary Anderson-Rowland, at the 1992 FIE conference in ...
Jun 12, 2018 - Tamara Broderick, who is the ITT Career Development Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ...
Stefanie Tellex is the Joukowsky Family Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Assistant Professor of Engineering at Brown University. ...
Juan Cui, PhD. Assistant Professor Systems Biology and Biomedical Informatics (SBBI) Laboratory Department of Computer Science and Engineering University ...
Barbara Engelhardt, an assistant professor of computer science at Princeton ... Barbara E. Engelhardt, Princeton University, Engineering School (image).
Nov 9, 2018 - Tamara Broderick. Assistant Professor, ITT Career Development. Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “Automated Scalable Bayesian ...
Oct 17, 2016 - The Center for Data Innovation spoke with Stefanie Tellex, assistant professor of computer science at Brown University. Tellex discussed her ...
15:16Prof. Raluca Ada Popa, Assistant Professor - UC Berkeley Academic Perspectives on Cybersecurity ...Jun 27, 2018 - Uploaded by TAUVOD
Juan Cui worked as an Assistant Professor for the University Of Nebraska (UN) and in 2019 had a reported pay of $98351.
Mary Anderson-Rowland, Associate Professor Arkansas State ... Hrayer Aprahamian, Assistant Professor ... Parinaz Naghizadeh Ardabili, Assistant Professor
Sep 22, 2020 - Photo Raluca Popa ... Raluca Ada Popa is an assistant professor of computer science at University of California, Berkeley working in computer ...
Feb 8, 2017 - Bio: Stefanie Tellex is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Assistant Professor of Engineering at Brown University. Her group, the ...
View Juan Cui's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Juan has 2 ... Assistant Professor at University of Massachusetts Medical School.
Mary Anderson-Rowland. Institution: Arizona State University-Tempe Title: ... Title: Assistant Professor Department: Agricultural & Environmental Science
Raluca Popa. Assistant Professor of Computer Science. Year, Rank, Salary. 2015, Assistant Professor ASST PROF-AY-B/E/E, $73,826.00. Questions, comments ...
Ruihong Huang Assistant Professor ... Wenlin Yao, Zeyu Dai, Maitreyi Ramaswamy, Bonan Min and Ruihong Huang. in Proceedings of the 2020 Conference on ...
Juan Cui, Assistant Professor University of ... Matteo D'Alessio, Research Assistant Professor University of ... Shruti Daggumati, Assistant Professor University of ...
Mary Anderson-Rowland. Arizona State University-Tempe. Connect ... Assistant Professor, Agricultural & Environmental Science. Tennessee State University.
Stefanie Tellex: Joukowsky Family Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Brown Universit. User Startup Experience, Connections and Recommendations...
Zheng Zhang research and publications website. ... Assistant Professor [IEEE-Style Short Biography, Full CV (PDF)] Deptatment of Electrical & Computer ...
From 2013 until 2018, I was an assistant professor in the Computer and Information Science Department at the University of Pennsylvania. Before then, I was a ...
Content uploaded by Mary Anderson-Rowland. Author content. All content in this ... Assistant Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace. Engineering, invited 110 ...
Barbara E. Engelhardt is an associate professor in the Princeton Computer Science ... Rumi Chunara is an Assistant Professor at NYU, jointly appointed at the ...
Zheng Zhang. Assistant Professor ​Electrical and Computer Engineering. Affiliation: Electrical and Computer Engineering. External Website ...
Nadia Heninger (born 1982) is an American cryptographer, computer security expert, and ... San Diego and Microsoft Research in New England, she became Magerman Term Assistant Professor at the University of Pennsylvania in 2013.‎Contributions · ‎Education and career · ‎Recognition · ‎Selected publications
Jul 16, 2015 - Hadas Kress-Gazit's profile on The Conversation. ... –present. Assistant Professor of Mechanics and Aerospace Engineering, Cornell University.
Information for. J. Andrew Deman, Josh Neufeld, and Naomi Nishimura - March 21, 2018 ... MC 5336. Paul ...Oct 13, 2017 - Uploaded by St. Jerome's University
Barbara E. Engelhardt is an associate professor in the Princeton Computer ... Stephens, and spent three years at Duke University as an assistant professor.
Nadia Heninger is an associate professor in computer science and engineering ... Previously, she was an assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania.
Hadas Kress-Gazit wants to know how to make robots do what they are supposed to. ... of Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) as an assistant professor.
Barbara E. Engelhardt is an associate professor in the Princeton Computer ... an assistant professor at Duke University in Biostatistics and Bioinformatics and ...
Nadia Heninger. Magerman Term Assistant Professor of Computer and Information Science. Office Location: 604 Levine Hall. Email: nadiah@cis.upenn.edu.
Clemson, South Carolina - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Clemson UniversityView Sophie Joerg's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sophie has 7 ... Sophie Joerg. Associate ... Assistant Professor. Clemson ...
Assistant Professor, Computer Science & Engineering and Computer Engineering ... Ruihong Huang and Ellen Riloff, "Multi-faceted Event Recognition with ...
Zheng Zhang is a tenure-track Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of California at Santa Barbara (UCSB). He is also a joint ...Santa Barbara, California - ‎Assistant Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering - ‎University of California, Santa Barbara
Graham Murphy, Assistant Professor. University of ... Josh D. Neufeld, Assistant Professor University of ... Naomi Nishimura, Associate Professor University of ...
Nadia Heninger is an assistant professor in the Computer and Information Science department at the University of Pennsylvania. Her research focuses on ...
Sophie Joerg's homepage. ... Research, Pittsburgh. I will be joining the School of Computing at Clemson University as an assistant professor in August 2012.
... email at microsoft.com. Benjamin VanderSlootAssistant Professor, University of Detroit MercyVerified email at udmercy.edu. View all. Follow. Nadia Heninger.
Zheng Zhang is currently an Assistant Professor at the School of Computer Science & Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen, China. He received ...
Nadia Heninger - Assistant Professor @ University of Pennsylvania.
Control Seminar. High-level verifiable robotics. Hadas Kress-Gazit Assistant ProfessorCornell University - Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.
Panelists: Joan Feigenbaum, AT&T Bell Laboratories; Naomi Nishimura, ... currently an Assistant Professor in the EECS Department at Northwestern University.
View Ruihong Huang's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Ruihong has 1 job listed ... Assistant Professor at Texas A&M University.Flagstaff, Arizona - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Northern Arizona University
CSE Seminar. How Cryptography Fails in Practice. Nadia HeningerAssistant ProfessorUniversity of Pennsylvania. WHEN: December 14, 2015 @ 4:00 pm
Federico Iuricich Assistant Professor Ph.D., University of Genova fiurici@clemson.edu McAdams 305. Sophie Joerg Associate Professor Ph.D., Trinity College, ...
Hadas Kress-Gazit Assistant Professor Cornell University. Friday, February 28 3:30 pm to 4:30 pm. High-level verifiable robotics. Event Location: NSH 1305
Zheng Zhang. title="Email Zheng_Zhang@brown.edu. Overview Publications Research Background ... Zheng Zhang. Adjunct Assistant Professor of Biostatistics ...
Congratulations to Nadia Heninger, Magerman Term Assistant Professor.
Ruihong Huang, Ph.D., Associate Professor Ruihong.Huang@nau.edu. Phone: (928) ... August, 2003 – 2009, Assistant Professor, Northern Arizona University.
Jan 28, 2003 - Hadas Kress-Gazit is an Assistant Professor at the Sibley School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at Cornell University. She received ...
1. CURRICULUM VITAE. Zheng Zhang, Ph.D. Assistant Professor of Biostatistics (Research). Director, Statistical Consulting Unit. Department of Biostatistics and ...
2018–now Assistant Professor,. Computer Science Department (CMPS) ... Joint work with Naomi Nishimura, Vinayak Pathak, and Venkatesh Raman. 2016 On ...
Dr. Jules White is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science in the Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Vanderbilt University. He was ...
Bio: Sophie Joerg is an assistant professor in the Visual Computing division of the School of Computer Science at Clemson University. Her research interests ...
Hadas Kress-Gazit, Assistant Professor Cornell University Computer Science ... Jan Lammerding, Assistant Professor Cornell University Biomedical Sciences ...
View Ruihong Huang's business profile as Assistant Professor at Texas A&M University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, and ...
$103,701.97 paid in 2014, NANDITA BASU · Assistant Professor · University of Waterloo. $168,680.64 paid in 2014, NAOMI NISHIMURA · Associate Professor
Sep 18, 2017 - Jules White is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science in the Dept. of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Vanderbilt University.
Zheng Zhang is a Professor of Finance at the Guanghua School of Management, Peking ... Assistant Professor of Finance, Guanghua School of Management
Apr 26, 2015 - ... Hadas Kress-Gazit, assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering; Ross Knepper, assistant professor of computer science; ...
Sophie Joerg, second from the left, is an assistant professor in the Visual Computing division of the School of Computer Science at Clemson University.
I am an assistant professor in the computer science department at Columbia University. My current areas of research are cryptography, complexity theory, ...
Wenbo He. About Me. I am an assistant professor in the School of Computer Science at the McGill University. Before that I was an assistant professor in the EE ...
Feb 18, 2015 - Sophie Joerg Assistant Professor Computer Science, Clemson University. Host. Jan Allbeck. Title. Player Perception of Responsiveness and ...
Apr 13, 2018 - Ruihong Huang is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science and Engineering Department at Texas A&M University, College Station.
Greater Nashville Area, TN - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Vanderbilt UniversityView Jules White's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jules has ... Research Assistant Professor at Vanderbilt University. Nashville ...
Previously, I served as assistant professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Expertise Areas; Research; Recent Publications; Teaching and Supervision ...
View Wenbo He's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Wenbo has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Albuquerque, New Mexico Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of New Mexico
Mar 30, 2015 - Columbia computer science assistant professor Allison Lewko is working to protect your data using cryptography. By Zoe Wood | Spectator Staff ...
Jiang Hu, Assistant Professor Texas A&M ... Jianping Hua, Research Assistant Professor Texas A&M ... Ruihong Huang, Assistant Professor Texas A&M ...
Laura Humphrey, Adjunct Assistant Professor Clemson University ... Scott Husson, Assistant Professor Clemson ... Sophie Joerg, Assistant Professor Clemson ...
Jianmei Guo, Jules White, Guangxin Wang, Jian Li, Yinglin Wang, A Genetic Algorithm for ... Jules White, Brian Dougherty, Chris Thompson, Douglas C. Schmidt, ... Research Assistant Professor, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, ...
Allison Lewko, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA, I am an assistant professor in the computer science department at Columbia University. My current ...
Andreas Haeberlen, Co-Director. Associate Professor of ... Raj and Neera Singh Assistant Professor of Electrical and Systems Engineering. Victor's research ...
Feb 21, 2017 - ... lead by Doug Schmidt, professor of computer science and computer engineering, and Jules White, assistant professor of computer science.
Wenbo He received the PhD degree from the University of Illinois, ... Before that she was an assistant professor in the School of Computer Science, McGill ...
Assistant Professor of Computer Science, Columbia UniversityIf we're going to put all our data in the cloud, how are we going to make sure it's secure? Lewko's ...
Jules White is an Assistant Professor of Cyber-physical Systems in the Bradley Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Virginia...
Raleigh, North Carolina - ‎North Carolina State UniversityView Kemafor Anyanwu-Ogan's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Kemafor ... Assistant Professor at North Carolina State University.
Aug 17, 2010 - August 17, 2010 — Jules White joined the ECE faculty this month as an assistant professor. He comes to Virginia Tech from Vanderbilt ...
Today, as an assistant professor, she teaches courses in hardware and software design, advises students, and focuses on research in computer architecture.
Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎North Carolina State UniversityKemafor Anyanwu-Ogan. Assistant Professor at North Carolina State University. North Carolina State UniversityThe University of Georgia. Raleigh-Durham ...
Jun 27, 2016 - Andreas Haeberlen, the Raj and Neera Singh Assistant Professor for computer and information science at the University of Pennsylvania, said ...
Dr. Jules White is an Assistant Professor of Computer Engineering at Virginia Tech and the Art Editor of the American Center for Artists ...
Rebecca Harrington, Assistant Professor McGill University Earth and ... Sarah Harrison, Assistant Professor McGill University ... Wenbo He, Assistant Professor
Biography. Andreas Haeberlen received the Ph.D. degree in computer science from Rice University, Houston, TX, USA, in 2009. He is an Assistant Professor in ...
Forbes 30 Under 30 Recognizes Rising Star Allison Lewko | The Fu... Allison Lewko, assistant professor of computer science, has been named to the annual ...
Teaching Assistant Professor. 403 Venture 4 ... aianton@ncsu.edu. Photo of Kemafor Anyanwu Ogan ... Adjunct Assistant Professor. keboyer@ncsu.edu.
Mar 20, 2014 - Jules White joined the ECE faculty this month as an assistant professor. He comes to Virginia Tech from Vanderbilt University, where he was a ...
Dr. Wenbo He is currently an Associate Professor in the Department of Computing and Software at McMaster University. Before that she was an Assistant ...
Bio: Andreas Haeberlen is a Raj and Neera Singh Assistant Professor at the University of Pennsylvania. His research interests are in distributed systems, ...
View Kemafor Ogan's business profile as Assistant Professor at North Carolina State ... Kemafor Anyanwu Ogan , Associate Professor, Department of Computer ...
Martha Kim is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Columbia ... at Microsoft Research in New York City and an adjunct assistant professor at the ...
Yutao Zhong Assistant Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $83,232. Pay components: Base salary: $83,232. George Mason University rank, 1,260 of 4,038.
Also known asOgan Kemafor Anyanwu, Kemafor Kemafor Anyanwu, Ogan Kema ... Title: Assistant Professor; Company: North Carolina State University ...
Yutao Zhong worked as an Assistant Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2017 had a reported pay of $83232.
Wilfried Laufs, Adjunt Assistant Professor Columbia ... Benjamin Lee, Adjunct Assistant Professor Columbia ... Allison Lewko, Assistant Professor Columbia ...
Martha Kim Wins NSF Award for Research to Track Software Energy Consumption. ... Computer Science Assistant Professor Martha Kim has won a National ...
Aug 28, 2018 - Former Colorado State University assistant professor Christina Boucher testifies during a trial in a lawsuit against. A jury took just more than two ...
Andreas Haeberlen is a Raj and Neera Singh Assistant Professor at the University of Pennsylvania. His research interests are in security, distributed systems, ...
Dr. Kemafor Anyanwu Ogan, Associate Professor and Director of Semantic Computing ... Dr. David L. Roberts, Assistant Professor and Director of Computational ...
... 2011 - February 2012. Seoul National University Bundang Hospital. Department of Ophthalmology; Seoul, South Korea. Position. Clinical assistant professor ...
Yutao Zhong, Term Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science. VSE Open Call. Photo by: Ron Aira/Creative Services/George Mason University.
Christina Boucher. Assistant Professor. Affiliations Department of Computer and Information Science and Engineering, Faculty. Office 432 Newell Dr, E546 ...
Feb 26, 2012 - ... Ding <dingying@indiana.edu> -- Kemafor Anyanwu (Ogan), Ph.D. Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science Rm 2270, EBII North ...
Andreas obtained his PhD in Spring 2009 and is now an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Science at the University of ...
Presenter: Martha Kim, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, Columbia University. Abstract: Modern demand for energy-efficient computation has spurred ...
Lap-Fai Yu, Assistant Professor George Mason ... Yunpeng Zhao, Assistant Professor George Mason ... Yutao Zhong, Assistant Professor George Mason ...
1:24:48Martha Kim, Thomas Wenisch, and Adrian Caulfield. Martha Kim is an Assistant Professor of Computer ...Jul 29, 2014 - Uploaded by Microsoft Research
This fall, Andreas Haeberlen will be an Assistant Professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Alan Mislove will be an Assistant Professor at Northeastern ...
Rod Moten · Kemafor Anyanwu-Ogan · Sahibi Miranshah. We report ... Prior to coming to Bloomberg, I was an assistant professor at Colgate University. While on ...
Yutao Zhong is an assistant professor of computer science at the George Mason University. She received her Ph.D. in computer science from the University of ...by X Shen - ‎2007 - ‎Cited by 29 - ‎Related articles
I received my doctoral degree at Columbia University where I was advised by Professor Martha Kim. Prior to joining Duke, I was a postdoctoral researcher at UC ...
Christina Boucher. Assistant Professor. Affiliations Healthcare and Human Performance. Office 432 Newell Dr, E546 homeMailing P.O. Box 116120 Gainesville ...
Nov 14, 2012 - ... very different from the way you program a single workstation,” said SEAS assistant professor Andreas Haeberlen, who teaches both courses.
View Weiwei Zhong's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Weiwei has 2 ... Assistant Professor of Chemistry at University of Richmond.
Assistant Professor. Department of ... Aruna Balasubramanian joined the computer science department at Stony Brook in spring 2015. Prior to that, she was a ...
Aug 28, 2018 - Former Colorado State University assistant professor Christina Boucher testifies during a trial in a lawsuit against Colorado State University ...
Mason CS assistant professor and alumna, Tamara Maddox ... Assistant Professor, Dr. Amardu. Shehu. “We always say ... continued on page 3. Dr. Yutao Zhong ...
Yanni Ellen Liu worked as a Research Assistant Professor for Stony Brook University (SBU) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $94210.71.
Aug 30, 2018 - Dr. Christina Boucher's ogling lawsuit against Colorado State University ... Boucher landed a gig as an assistant professor for the Department of ...
Ellen Liu, Research Assistant Professor “Work makes you feel good,” says Dr. Ellen Liu. It is her teaching and research in the field of Computer Science at Stony ...
Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Data Science, Houghton ... Assistant Professor, University of Michigan [June 2018]; Li Lu ... 2012]; Yutao Zhong
Weiwei Zhong, view Associated Profiles. Assistant Professor, BioSciences, Rice University. Contact address 6100 Main, Houston, TX 77005 Office Location ...
Feb 24, 2010 - Yanni Ellen Liu Assistant Professor Ph.D., Waterloo, 2003. Research Research Overview · Publications · Students · Research Resources.
Jun 12, 2016 - YUTAO ZHONG Term Assistant Professor PhD Computer Science, University of Rochester, 2005. Yutao Zhong rejoined George Mason ...
Assistant Professor Svetlana Lazebnik tries out the Oculus Rift HD prototype.
Weiwei Zhong's email address g******@yahoo.com | Show email & phone >>> ... Assistant Professor in BioSciences and Computer Science @ Rice University.
Christina Boucher, now an assistant professor in computer science at the University of Florida, sued Colorado State University, two of its top administrators and ...
Ellen Liu. Research Assistant Professor Computer Science Department 1438 Computer Science Stony Brook University Stony Brook, NY 11794-4400 ...
Svetlana “Lana” Lazebnik is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (U of I). She received ...
Seattle, Washington - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of WashingtonEmina Torlak. Assistant Professor at University of Washington. University of WashingtonMassachusetts Institute of Technology. Seattle, Washington213 ...
Christina Boucher, PhD. Assistant Professor, Computer and Information Science and Engineering; University of Florida. christinaboucher@ufl.edu
Ellen Liu. Research Assistant Professor Computer Science Department 1438 Computer Science Stony Brook University Stony Brook, NY 11794-4400 ...
Ming Yi, Assistant Professor Rice University ... Weiwei Zhong, Assistant Professor Rice University ... Eugene Zubarev, Assistant Professor Rice University
Assistant Professor, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on October 5, ... Dr. Svetlana Lazebnik has received the B.S. degree in computer science from ...
View Ying (Ellen) Liu, CPA'S profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Assistant Professor of Clarinet at University of Memphis.San Diego, California - ‎Controller - ‎Southern California Physicians Managed Care Services
The Rocky Point School District welcomed Dr. Aruna Balasubramanian, an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Stony Brook University, to the STEAM ...
X Yang, NR Noyes, E Doster, JN Martin, LM Linke, RJ Magnuson, H Yang, ... Applied and Environmental Microbiology 82 (8), 2433-2443, 2016. 80, 2016.
Assistant Professor, Computer Science & Engineering. Emina Torlak. Ph.D. Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 2009; M.Eng. Computer ...
Jan 17, 2018 - Weiwei Zhong, assistant professor of biochemistry and cell biology at Rice, is part of a team of researchers that has created a way address this ...
May 17, 2019 - Svetlana Lazebnik has been selected as the 2019 Visiting Faculty ... 2006 at UIUC and she was an Assistant Professor at UNC Chapel Hill from ...
Brian Viliunas. Associate Professor of Music at Samford University, Clarinet and Orchestra. Birmingham, Alabama Area. Ellen Liu ...Greater New Orleans Area - ‎Assistant Professor of Clarinet - ‎University of Memphis
Aug 19, 2018 - Christina Boucher, now an assistant professor at the University of Florida, left Colorado State University more than a year ago, claiming she ...
Assistant Professor, Stony Brook University. Aruna Balasubramanian's research interests focus on problems in the intersection of networking and systems, with a ...
Emina Torlak worked as an Assistant Professor for the University Of Washington (UW) and in 2018 had a reported pay of $115100.
Sep 5, 2020 - View Weiwei Zhong's business profile as Head of Technology at NeuCyte. ... Assistant Professor in BioSciences and Computer Science ...
Ellen Liu, Assistant professor, Computer Science, University of Manitoba, Canada. ... Jose Cordova, (Assistant professor, ESPOL University, Ecuador), PhD 2017.
Christina A Boucher worked as an Assistant Professor for the University Of Florida (UF) and in 2019 had a reported pay of ... Other Records for Christina Boucher ...
Jul 14, 2009 - Svetlana Lazebnik, assistant professor of computer science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, has been named a recipient of a ...
Nov 17, 2017 - Aruna Balasubramanian. November 17 ... Bio: Aruna Balasubramanian is an Assistant Professor at Stony Brook University. She received her ...
Bio: Emina Torlak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, working at the intersection of programming languages, formal methods, and software ...
Clinical Assistant Professor, Neurosurgery. Phone. Email ... Show More. Other People Whose Last Name Is Liu. Ellen Liu. Asia Chemical Corporation. Bessie Liu.
Aruna Balasubramanian (2015). Assistant Professor Suny@stonybrook, 2015, Aruna Balasubramanian, Assistant Professor, Suny@stonybrook, View Salary & ...
A nematode from the Rice lab of biochemist Weiwei Zhong. ... we can see the intestine cells,” said Zhong, an assistant professor of biochemistry and cell biology.
Julia Constanze Hockenmaier worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) and in 2014 had a reported pay of ...
Bio: Emina Torlak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, working at the intersection of programming languages, formal methods, and software ...
May 22, 2006 - Svetlana Lazebnik. Revision date: 1/14/2012. Assistant Professor. Department of Computer Science. University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.
Aruna Balasubramanian is an Assistant Professor at Stony Brook. University. She received her Ph.D from the University of. Massachusetts Amherst, where her ...by A Balasubramanian - ‎2017
Jinyuan Stella Sun received the PhD degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from ... She has been an assistant professor in the Department of Electrical ...
Julia Hockenmaier. ,. Julia Constanze Hockenmaier. Suggest Name ... Present. Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science. University of Illinois at ...
Bio: Emina Torlak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, working at the intersection of software engineering, programming languages, and ...
Su-In Lee is an Associate Professor in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer ... Before joining the UW in 2010, Lee was a visiting Assistant Professor in the ...
Emina Torlak is an assistant professor at the University of Washington. She works on computer-aided design, verification, and synthesis of software. Emina is the ...
Senior rank: Professor（教授）/ Researcher（研究员）; Vice-Senior rank: Associate professor（副教授）/ Associate Researcher（副研究员）/ Senior Engineer ...
View Jinyuan Stella Sun's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jinyuan Stella has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile ...Knoxville, Tennessee - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Tennessee
Laurel Riek is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame. Riek's research interests include ...
Teaching Assistant Professor. Nancy M. Amato ... Research Assistant Professor (Joining Fall 2021). Carl Gunter ... Julia Constanze Hockenmaier. Associate ...
Professor Su-In Lee is an Assistant Professor in the Departments of Computer Science & Engineering and Genome Sciences at the University of Washington.
Person(string FullName, string Address, string Phone, string Email); ... The attributes for the Faculty class are rank (professor, associate, assistant, lecturer) and ...
I'm an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Texas at Austin ... where I was advised by Emina Torlak, Dan Grossman, and Luis Ceze, and a ...
Jinyuan Stella Sun received the Ph.D. degree in electrical and computer engineering ... She has been an Assistant Professor with the Department of Electrical ...
2:37Laurel Riek, Clare Booth Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, does research on ...Nov 25, 2014 - Uploaded by Notre Dame Engineering
Data year: 2018. 829. Julia Constanze Hockenmaier Person ... Position: Assistant Professor at University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign Salary: $129,649.
Su-In Lee. Assistant Professor, Computer Science & Engineering; Assistant Professor, Genome Sciences; Adjunct Assistant Professor, Electrical & Computer ...
Name: Jinyuan Stella Sun; Professional Title: Assistant Professor; Organization: University of Tennessee Knoxville; Location: Knoxville, Tennessee; Contact Info:.
First-Year Assistant Professor Award. Foundations of ... ICCC '19 Rachel Goldstein*, Andy Vainauskas*, Margareta Ackerman, Robert Keller. BrainControlled ...
Laurel Riek is an Associate Professor in Computer Science and Engineering, and ... Riek was the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science ...
Position: Assistant Professor at University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign Salary: $82,700. Data year: 2017. 2037. Julia Constanze Hockenmaier Person.
ECE 453/599 Computer Communication Networks Dr. Jinyuan (Stella) Sun Dept. ... CSCI 3335: C OMPUTER N ETWORKS Vamsi Paruchuri Assistant Professor ...
View Su-In Lee's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Su-In has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...Seattle, Washington - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Washington
Riek was the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer. Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame (2011-2016), and Senior Artificial.
Sep 6, 2007 - Julia Constanze Hockenmaier, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, probationary faculty on tenure track year one, on an academic year ...
Margareta Ackerman. Email. mackerman@scu.edu. Margareta Ackerman. Email. mackerman@scu.edu. Personal website External Link. Assistant Professor ...
Jinyuan Stella Sun CONTACT INFORMATION Phone: 865-974-0426 Fax: ... TEACHING EXPERIENCE 1 Assistant Professor Department of Electrical ...
View Su-In Lee's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Su-In has 2 jobs listed on ... Assistant Professor at University of Washington.
Laurel Riek is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame. Her research interests include ...
Aug 23, 2007 - Julia Constanze Hockenmaier, Assistant Professor of Computer Science, probationary faculty on tenure track year one, on an academic year ...
graduated: Dr. Jinyuan Stella Sun Assistant Professor, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science University of Tennessee, Knoxville, ...
Margareta (Maya) Ackerman is a Russian-American computer scientist known for her research in cluster analysis and algorithmic composition of music. She is an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at Santa ... Margareta Ackerman, Santa Clara University, retrieved 2019-09-13; ^ Jump up to: Gorey, ...
Teaching Assistant Professor. 4209 Siebel Center for Comp Sci ... Research Assistant Professor (Joining Fall 2020) ... Julia Constanze Hockenmaier. Associate ...
Jinyuan (Stella) Sun, an assistant professor, received her Ph.D. from the University of Florida. Sun's areas of expertise include security and privacy in wired/ ...
Faculty faculty = newFaculty(fullName, ID, department, rank); ... Department (mathematics, engineering, arts and science) - Rank (professor, adjunct) Students in ...
LAUREL RIEK, Computer Science & Engineering, University of Notre Dame. Laurel Riek is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science and ...
Professor Su-In Lee is an Assistant Professor in the Departments of Computer Science & Engineering and Genome Sciences at the University of Washington.
Margareta ACKERMAN, Assistant Professor of Florida State University, FL (FSU) | Read 26 publications | Contact Margareta ACKERMAN.
Nov 19, 2015 - Assistant Professor 3211 Siebel Center for Comp Sci (217) 333- ... Julia Constanze Hockenmaier Associate Professor 3324 Siebel Center for ...
Margaret Reid-Miller. Assistant Professor, Carnegie Mellon University. Website. Margaret Reid-Miller received her PhD in theoretical Computer Science from ...
Laurel Riek is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame. Her research interests include ...
View Margaret Reid-Miller's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Margaret has 2 jobs ... Assistant Professor at University of Dayton.Greater Pittsburgh Area - ‎Assistant Teaching Professor - ‎Carnegie Mellon University
Aug 4, 2017 - Su-In Lee, Assistant Professor of Computer Sciences, Genome Sciences, and Electrical Engineering, University of Washington. Date: August 4 ...
Mar 31, 2006 - In the whole of Turkey , the News channel NTV takes the first rank. Professor.dr. ... Comments without fullname will not be posted, Thank you.
Margareta Ackerman's email address m******@gmail.com 415-456-.... | Show email & phone ... Ackerman's email. Assistant Professor @ Santa Clara University ...
Laurel Riek. Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering, University of Notre Dame. When: Wednesday, October 15, 2014 - 4:00pm to 5:00pm ...
Assistant Professor at University of Pittsburgh. Greater Pittsburgh Area. Hung-Chun Tung ... Margaret Reid-Miller. Assistant Teaching Professor at Carnegie ...
Barbara Engelhardt. Barbara Engelhardt. Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Areas of Research: Bioinformatics-and-Statistics, Computational-Biology, ...
Name: Nina Clark; Degree: M.D.; Rank: Professor; Primary Department: ... Fullname. Fapcake Senpai. Bio Cam gal. Buy videos, photosets, Snapchat etc on my ...
View Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Ira has 5 jobs listed on ... Assistant Professor. Paul G. Allen ...
Su-In Lee. University of Washington, Seattle ... of Washington, Seattle (uw.edu). Present. Assistant Professor. University of Washington (uw.edu). 2010 – Present.
Nancy Pollard, Assistant Professor Carnegie ... Brian Railing, Assistant Professor Carnegie ... Margaret Reid-Miller, Assistant Teaching Professor Carnegie ...
Margareta Ackerman Assistant Professor Computer Science Department Florida State University (408) ackerman Research Interests I specialize in artificial.
Jul 21, 2017 - Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman, an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Washington, is the founder of Dreambit, the ...
TEDxBoston 2017. Barbara Engelhardt ... Barbara Engelhardt is an assistant professor in the Computer ...Sep 18, 2017 - Uploaded by TEDx Talks
Anita Sarma is an Associate Professor at Oregon State University. Before this, she was an Assistant Professor at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln; ...
YUVRAJ AGARWAL, Assistant Professor, Institute for Software Research – ... MARGARET REID-MILLER, Assistant Teaching Professor, Computer Science.
Margareta Ackerman, Ph.D is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Engineering at Santa Clara University, specializing in machine learning, ...by A Adolfsson - ‎2019 - ‎Cited by 54 - ‎Related articles
Su-In Lee is an Associate Professor in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer ... Before joining the UW in 2010, she was a visiting Assistant Professor in the ...
MARGARET REID-MILLER, Assistant Teaching Professor, Computer Science Department – Ph.D., Carnegie Mellon University; Carnegie Mellon, 2002–.
Previously she was an Assistant Professor at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and a post doctoral fellow at the School of Computer Science at Carnegie ...
She is also an Assistant Professor of computer science at the University of ... Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman is the Assistant Professor or Computer Science at ...
2016-2017 Assistant Professor, San Jose State University, San Jose, CA. 2014-2016 ... ICCC '17 Divya Singh*, Margareta Ackerman, and Rafael Perez y Perez.
I have moved...I have joined the Computer Science and Enginering department at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln as Assistant professor. Latest website is ...
Aug 30, 2020 - Henny Admoni, Assistant Professor, Robotics Institute. Jonathan ... Margaret Reid-Miller, Assistant Teaching Professor, Computer Science.
Associate Professor, UW Allen School, 2019-present. Founder, Co-director, and Board member, UW Reality Lab, 2018-present. Assistant Professor, UW Allen ...
Barbara ENGELHARDT, Assistant Professor of Princeton University, New Jersey (PU) | Read 199 publications | Contact Barbara ENGELHARDT.
View Martha White's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Martha has 3 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...
Anita Sarma is an associate professor at Oregon State University. Previously, she was an assistant professor at University of Nebraska, Linc...
HENNY ADMONI, Assistant Professor, Robotics Institute – Ph.D., Yale ... MARGARET REID-MILLER, Assistant Teaching Professor, Computer Science.by T Mitchell - ‎Cited by 2 - ‎Related articles
Sep 25, 2018 - Assistant Professor, 2013-2019 ... Rematas, Konstantinos​2​, Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman, Brian Curless, and Steve Seitz. "Soccer on Your ...
Apr 10, 2020 - Barbara Engelhardt is Associate Professor of Computer Science at ... She was an assistant professor at Duke University in Biostatistics and ...
Nicole McFarlane. Assistant Professor. Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. University of Tennessee. 865-974-5419. mcfarlane@utk.edu ...
1:41Nov 12, 2019 - Uploaded by CIFARMartha White is a member of Amii, an assistant professor at the University of Alberta's Department of ...
Dec 6, 2012 - Dr. Anita Sarma is an Assistant Professor at UNL. Her research includes coordination in distribution teams and software visualization.
Jul 11, 2017 - “These type of results have never been shown before,” said Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman, an assistant professor at the UW's Paul G. Allen ...
Nicole McFarlane, an Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition at Fayetteville State University (FSU ...Jan 15, 2017 - Uploaded by OFD FSU
Duke University: Durham, NC, US. 2012-09 to present | Assistant Professor (Biostatistics and Bioinformatics). Employment. Source: Barbara Engelhardt.
Martha White is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computing Sciences at the University of Alberta, Faculty of Science. Her research focus is on ...
Anita Sarma is an Associate Professor at Oregon State University. Before this she was an Assistant Professor at University of Nebraska, Lincoln; a post-doctoral ...
Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman is an Assistant Professor at the Allen School of Computer Science and Research Scientist at Facebook. She received her Ph.D in ...
Mar 17, 2017 - Dr. Nicole McFarlane, an Assistant Professor of Rhetoric and Composition at Fayetteville State University (FSU), has been named a 2017 ...
Barbara Engelhardt, PhD. Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science Affiliate in the Center for Statistics and Machine Learning Lewis-Sigler Institute ...
May 24, 2018 - Martha White, assistant professor in the Department of Computing Science at the University of Alberta. Prof. White details some of her recent ...
Jul 18, 2019 - Anita Sarma is an associate professor at Oregon State University. Previously, she was an assistant professor at University of Nebraska, Lincoln; ...
Olga Papaemmanouil Ph.D. ... Since then I have joined the Computer Science Department at Brandeis University at a tenured-track assistant professor. My web ...
Nicole McFarlane's research with smart sensors could alleviate a painful routine for ... Nicole McFarlane, assistant professor of electrical engineering and…
Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman (official name: Irena Kemelmaher). Assistant Professor, UW CSE. Contact: University of Washington. Dept. of Computer Science ...
Assistant Professor of Computer Science Olga Papaemmanouil has received a Faculty Early Career Development (CAREER) award from the National Science ...
Kinga Dobolyi worked as an Assistant Professor for George Mason University (GMU) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $79681.
Nov 28, 2016 - Shlizerman joins Facebook with UW Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman, world expert in ...
View Edith Law's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Edith has 4 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...Cambridge, Massachusetts - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Waterloo
Nicole McFarlane, Adjunct Professor University of ... Nicole McFarlane, Assistant Professor University of ... Hugh Medal, Assistant Professor University of ...
Jan 22, 2019 - Martha White would like to dispel the fears and hype about artificial intelligence. The University of Alberta assistant professor says AI will be a ...
Kinga Dobolyi Assistant Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $85,355. Pay components: Base salary: $85,355. George Mason University rank, 1,176 of 4,038.
View Claire Le Goues' profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Claire has 3 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University
View the profiles of professionals named Nicole Mcfarlane on LinkedIn. There are 53 ... Assistant Professor of English Rhetoric and Composition. Location ...
Martha White's primary research goal is to develop techniques for adaptive ... that Fellow and Canada CIFAR AI Chair at Amii Martha White (Assistant Professor, ...
Nov 2, 2016 - Olga Papaemmanouil is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Brandeis University since January 2009.
Edith Law is an Assistant Professor at the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo. Her research focuses on interaction ...
... Master of Software Engineering Programs › Faculty and Staff › faculty1 › core-faculty › Claire Le Goues ... Assistant Professor, Institute for Software Research.
Kinga Dobolyi Term Assistant Professor, CS-SWE. Role: Co-PI, lead instructor, chef, field marshal, cat herder. Chris Kauffman Term Assistant Professor, CS.
Paul Miller, Assistant Professor Brandeis University ... Stephanie Murray, Assistant Professor Brandeis ... Olga Papaemmanouil, Assistant Professor Brandeis ...
Assistant Professor. Professor Edith Law focuses on how people can enhance intelligent systems (e.g., human-in-the-loop systems) and how people can make ...
Claire Le Goues - Assistant Professor @ Carnegie Mellon University.
Jun 13, 2017 - A grant from tech giant Google is helping Assistant Professor Kinga Dobolyi and other computer science faculty develop and analyze ...
Olga Papaemmanouil. Brandeis University olga@cs.brandeis. ... Olga Papaemmanouil is an assistant professor of Com- puter Science at Brandeis University ...by S Idreos - ‎2015 - ‎Cited by 210 - ‎Related articles
Fellow, Amii; Director of RLAI, University of Alberta; Assistant Professor, Dept. of Computing Science, University of Alberta Expertise: Reinforcement learning ...
Emily Mower Provost. Assistant Professor. Computer Science and Engineering, College of Engineering. Research in the CHAI lab focuses on emotion modeling ...
Claire Le Goues is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University.
Assistant Professor, Academic General Faculty ... Kinga Dobolyi, Paul Ammann, Chris Kauffmann, Jamie Lester, Upsorn Praphamontripong, Huzefa Rangwala, ...
Emily Mower Provost. Ph.D., Electrical Engineering, ... Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering, University of Michigan. Affective computing ...
Jennie ROGERS, Assistant Professor of Northwestern University, IL (NU) | Read ... Jennie Rogers · Olga Papaemmanouil · Leilani Battle; Michael Stonebraker.
Edith Law Assistant Professor at the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science, U of Waterloo; Co-Director of the Human Computer Interaction Lab Her...
Sharon Hsiao. Learn more... Assistant Professor School of Computing, Informatics & Decision Systems Engineering Arizona State University.
Claire Le Goues is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. She received a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the ...
Edith Law. Assistant Professor. David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science. Davis Center, Rm 3138. 200 University Avenue West, Waterloo, ON, Canada ...
Emily Mower Provost is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science and Engineering Department (CSE) at the University of Michigan. She received her B.S. ...
Upsorn PRAPHAMONTRIPONG, Assistant Professor of University of Virginia, VA (UVa) | Read 16 publications ... Jeff Offutt; Paul Ammann · Kinga Dobolyi; [.
Follow. Claire Le Goues. Carnegie Mellon University. Verified email at cs.cmu.edu - Homepage · Software EngineeringProgramming LanguagesSBSEAutomatic ...
Sharon.Hsiao@asu.edu ... Sharon (I-Han) Hsiao is an assistant professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering at Arizona ...
Jennifer Wong-Ma. Back to Faculty Directory. Jennifer Wong-Ma. Research Assistant Professor. Department of Computer Science Room 212. Stony Brook, NY ...
20:28Feb 7, 2017 - Uploaded by University of Michigan EngineeringEmily Mower Provost, Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (http://web.eecs ...
View Jennifer Wong-Ma's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jennifer has 2 jobs listed ... Assistant Professor. Stony Brook University.Greater Los Angeles Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎UC Irvine Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences
PAWS Alumna, PhD (2012), Assistant Professor at Arizona State University. Hsiao.jpg. Dr. Sharon Hsiao's (http://www.public.asu.edu/~ihsiao1/) began her ...
Emily Mower Provost is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Michigan. She received her B.S. in Electrical ...
Dr. Jennifer Wong-Ma is currently working as a Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University , USA. Her research interests ...
Claire Le Goues, works at Carnegie Mellon University. Assistant Professor at the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon; expertise in software ...
KInGa DoBolyI. Term assistant professor. PhD Computer. Science, University of. Virginia, 2010. Dobolyi has taught at. Mason since 2010. Her research focuses.
Jennifer Wong-Ma. Academic Title: Assistant Professor; Name: Jennifer Wong-Ma; Department: Department of Computer Science; Department Website: ...
Claire Le Goues is the Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University-School of Computer Science in Pittsburgh. Find more info on AllPeople about Claire Le ...
Emily Mower Provost is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Michigan. She received her B.S. in Electrical ...
Email: dr.edith.law@gmail.com http://edithlaw.ca. Citizenship. Canadian. Academic. Positions. University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Assistant Professor ...
Oct 4, 2017 - Claire Le Goues is an assistant professor in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, where she researches ways to ...
Please help us welcome new faculty member Jennifer Wong-Ma, Associate Professor of ... Wong-Ma previously served as a research assistant professor, an ...
Els darrers tuits de Emily Mower Provost (@emilymprovost). ... @rianaelyse, Assistant Professor in the Department of Health Behavior and Health Education at ...
Ho, Sharon Hsiao. Phone. +1 718 482 7772. Clinical Assistant Professor of Pediatrics, Pediatrics , Weill Cornell Medical College 2009 -; Assistant Professor of ...
Apr 17, 2018 - Edith Law is an assistant professor at the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science at University of Waterloo, where she co-directs the ...
Svetlana “Lana” Yarosh is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science & Engineering Department at University of Minnesota. She has two Bachelors of ...
Isil Dillig. Associate Professor Department of Computer Science ... After completing her doctorate in 2011, she worked as an assistant professor at the College of ...
Apr 17, 2018 - Thanks to Edith Law, @mldcmu PhD alumna and assistant professor at @uwhci, for being our guest speaker at today's #cmuhcii Crowdsouring ...
Sharon Hsiao. Dr. Hsiao is an Assistant Professor in CIDSE at Arizona State University. Her research focuses on visual analytics, open student modeling and ...
Jan 3, 2018 - Emily Mower Provost ... @TaraChk interviews @EECSatMI Assistant Professor @emilymprovost on her work with #emotion #AI, machine ...
Svetlana Yarosh, Computer Science & Engineering Department, University of Minnesota, Svetlana “Lana” Yarosh is an Assistant Professor in the Computer ...
Name: Isil Dillig. Bio: I am an assistant professor at the computer science department of the University of Texas at Austin. My main research interests are program ...
View Sharon Hsiao's business profile as Assistant Professor at Arizona State University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, and ...
Elaine Runting Shi is a Chinese and American computer scientist and cryptographer, whose ... She worked as a researcher at PARC and the University of California, Berkeley, and as an assistant professor at the University of Maryland, College ...
Name: Isil Dillig. Bio: Isil Dillig is an assistant professor of computer science at UT Austin. She obtained all her degrees (BS, MS, PhD) in computer science from ...
Biography Emily Mower Provost is currently an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and Engineering at University of Michigan. She received her B.S. in ...
Svetlana Yarosh. Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering Department, University of Minnesota. Svetlana Yarosh. Yarosh's research focuses on ...
Elaine Shi is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland. Her research combines theory, programming ...
Name: Isil Dillig. Bio: Isil Dillig is an assistant professor of computer science at UT Austin. She obtained all her degrees (BS, MS, PhD) in computer science from ...
View the profiles of professionals named Sharon Hsiao on LinkedIn. ... Past, Assistant professor, Graduate Institute of Clinical Pharmacy at National Taiwan ...
Assistant Professor, Informatics. Ph.D., Computer Science, ... Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Ph.D., Computer ... Jennifer Wong-Ma. Associate Professor ...
Picture of Svetlana Yarosh. May 11, 2015. Assistant Professor Lana Yarosh has received the NSF CISE Research Initiation Initiative (CRII) Award to support her ...
Isil Dillig worked for the University of Texas at Austin (UT) and in 2018 had a reported pay of $205524.56.
... Your Community series, I spoke with Assistant Professor in the University of Michigan Computer Science and Engineering Department, Emily Mower Provost.
View the profiles of professionals named "Sharon Hsiao" on LinkedIn. There are 40+ ... Assistant Professor at Arizona State University. Tempe, AZ. Arizona State ...
Aug 12, 2020 - Elaine Shi, a CyLab alum and professor at Cornell University who will ... a CyLab alumnus and an assistant professor of computer science and ...
Jennifer Wong-Ma is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science and affiliated with the Center for Excellence in. Wireless and Information ...
Erin Walker is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems at Arizona State University. Her research uses ...
Assistant Professor of Statistics. Office. 362 Ford Hall ... Assistant Professor of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science. Office ... Svetlana Yarosh headshot.
Stacy Branham, Ph.D. Virginia Tech, Assistant Professor of Informatics ... Jennifer Wong-Ma, Ph.D. University of California, Los Angeles, Associate Professor of ...
From January 2013 - August 2018, I was an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering, one of the Ira A.
フォロー. Svetlana Yarosh. Assistant Professor, University of Minnesota. 確認したメール アドレス: umn.edu - ホームページ · Human-Computer InteractionSocial ...
View Elaine Shi's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Elaine has 1 job ... Assistant Professor at Harvard University. Cambridge, MA.Sunnyvale, California - ‎professor - ‎Cornell University
Isil Dillig, University of Texas at Austin, I am an assistant professor at the computer science department of the University of Texas at Austin where I lead the ...
View Judy Qiu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Judy has 2 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...Crawley, Western Australia, Australia - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎The University of Western Australia
Sep 25, 2017 - Assistant Professor Michelle Mazurek and PhD student Doowon Kim have recently been awarded the 5th annual NSA Best Scientific ...
Xiaojia Wang, Assistant Professor University of Minnesota, Twin ... Jon B. Weissman, Assistant Professor University of ... Svetlana Yarosh, Professor University of ...
Erin Walker. Assistant Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering, Arizona State University. 2009 ...
Name: Isil Dillig. Bio: Isil Dillig is an assistant professor of computer science at UT Austin. She obtained all her degrees (BS, MS, PhD) in computer science from ...
View Judy Qiu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Judy has 1 job listed ... Assistant professor at KSU, Researcher at Confidential.United States - ‎Associate Professor of Computer Science - ‎Indiana University
Michelle MAZUREK, Assistant professor of University of Maryland, College Park, MD (UMD, UMCP, University of Maryland College Park) | Read 60 publications ...
Judy Qiu is an Assistant Professor in the Account and Finance discipline at the UWA Business School. Judy received her PhD in Finance from the University of ...
Dec 3, 2019 - Elaine Shi is an Associate Professor in Cornell University. Her research ... Before joining Cornell, she was an Assistant Professor in UMD.
CSE Seminar. Introspective Static Analysis via Abductive Inference. Isil DilligAssistant ProfessorCollege of William and Mary. WHEN: February 26, 2013 @ 4:00 ...
Erin Walker is an Associate Professor with a joint appointment in the School of ... Postdoctoral Fellow and then spent five years as an Assistant Professor.
May 15, 2019 - Michelle L. Mazurek is an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department and the Institute ... Also published under: Michelle Mazurek.
Feb 27, 2016 - Svetlana “Lana” Yarosh is an Assistant Professor in the Computer ... the Proceedings of CSCW 2016: Svetlana Yarosh, Elizabeth Bonsignore, ...
Judy Qiu is an assistant professor of Computer Science at Indiana University. She graduated from Syracuse University with an Outstanding Graduate Student ...
View Erin Walker's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Erin has 2 jobs ... Erin Walker. Assistant Professor at Arizona State University.
Bio: Elaine Shi is an assistant professor of computer science and a member of the Maryland Cybersecurity Center. Her research generally focuses on security, ...
Assistant Professor Michelle Mazurek and PhD student Doowon Kim have recently been awarded the 5th annual NSA Best Scientific Cybersecurity Paper.
Nov 9, 2015 - ... the Proceedings of CSCW 2016: Svetlana Yarosh, Elizabeth Bonsignore ... Svetlana “Lana” Yarosh is an Assistant Professor in the Computer ...
Qin Lv is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science, University of Colorado Boulder. She earned her Ph.D. in computer science from ...
In this new series, Michelle Mazurek, Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department at the ...May 21, 2020 - Uploaded by Smart Cybersecurity Network (SERENE-RISC)
Erin Walker is an assistant professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering, one of the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering ...
This directory covers Judy Qiu. ... Directory of Profiled Business People: Judy Qiu. Qiu, Hera - Qiuping, Feng > Qiu, Josh ... phone. Direct. Assistant Professor.
Aug 10, 2017 - Michelle Mazurek is an assistant professor of computer science with joint appointments in the Maryland Cybersecurity Center and the ...
Ruzica Piskac is an assistant professor (tenure-track) at Yale, Computer Science Department. Her research interests span the areas of programming languages, ...
View Judy Qiu's business profile as Assistant Professor at The University of Western Australia. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, ...
Oct 13, 2016 - Bio: Elena Grigorescu is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department of Purdue University. She graduated from EECS MIT in ...
Qin Lv. Assistant Professor. Department of Computer Science,University of Colorado. Login to view email, homepage, and external links. Update. Research ...
Jan 31, 2020 - Erin Walker joined our department in January 2019 as an Assistant Professor. Her research uses interdisciplinary methods to improve the ...
Apr 18, 2019 - Biography: Michelle Mazurek is an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department and the Institute for Advanced Computer Studies at ...
Elena Grigorescu is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department of Purdue University. She graduated from EECS MIT in 2010; her advisor was ...
View Judy Qiu's profile as Assistant Professor at The University of Western Australia, located at Crawley, Western Australia, Australia. Find contact's: direct ...
New Haven, Connecticut - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Yale UniversityRuzica Piskac. Assistant Professor at Yale University. Yale UniversityEcole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne. New Haven, Connecticut500+ connections.
Erin Walker is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems at Arizona State University. Erin Walker. Edit Profile.
Ruzica Piskac is an associate professor on term (tenure-track) in the Computer Science Department at Yale University. She joined Yale in 2013 as an assistant ...
Erin Walker is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems at Arizona State University. Regarding the hotel room block, ...
Dec 9, 2016 - Biography: Elena Grigorescu is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science. Department of Purdue University. She graduated from EECS ...
Join Facebook to connect with Ruzica Piskac and others you may know. Facebook ... Assistant Professor · September 2013 to present · New Haven, Connecticut.
Elena Grigorescu is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department at Purdue University. Her research interests span many aspects of theoretical ...
58:25Brenna D. Argall Assistant Professor of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, Northwestern University Abstract ...Sep 16, 2016 - Uploaded by cmurobotics
Jul 7, 2020 - @ChenhaoTan. Assistant professor in CS @CUBoulder, Postdoc @UW, PhD @Cornell, computational social science, NLP, ... Qin Lv is another ...
Name: Ruzica Piskac. Bio: Ruzica Piskac is an assistant professor (tenure-track) at Yale, Computer Science Department. Her research interests span the areas ...
Presenting is Indiana University assistant professor Judy Qiu, “Convergence of HPC and Clouds for Large-Scale Data Enabled Science.” Abstract: Scientific ...
... and Computer Music at Yale, where I was advised by Ruzica Piskac. ... to be joining Barnard College in Fall 2020 as a tenure-track Assistant Professor.
Jason Shuo Zhang, Mike Gartrell, Richard Han, Qin Lv, and Shivakant Mishra. ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science, Information Science Affiliate Faculty.
Dec 4, 2015 - Brenna D. Argall June and Donald Brewer Junior Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Assistant Professor of ...
Anne Prieto, Assistant Professor Indiana University ... Judy Qiu, Assistant Professor Indiana University ... Filippo Radicchi, Assistant Professor Indiana University ...
About · Academics · Research · People · News · Contact. Photo of Kristy Elizabeth Boyer. Dr. Kristy Elizabeth Boyer, Adjunct Assistant Professor. keboyer@ncsu.
BRENNA D. ARGALL http://www.eecs.northwestern.edu/~argall. McCormick ... Assistant Professor. Sep. 2011 – Aug. 2017. Departments of EECS, ME and PMR.by BD ARGALL
View Carole-Jean Wu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Carole-Jean ... Assistant Professor at Georgia Institute of Technology.
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. Her research focuses on how to support learning with ...
Tony Bergstrom, Assistant Professor of Practice, 49-46330, HAAS 102, Mail · Bio ... Elena Grigorescu, Associate Professor, 49-61185, LWSN 1209, Mail · Bio.
Ruzica Piskac. visitor-photo ... Ruzica Piskac is an assistant professor (tenure-track) at Yale, Computer Science Department. Her research interests span the ...
Aug 1, 2017 - BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. Carole-Jean Wu is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering in the School of. Computing ...
I am currently a Lecturer (Tenured Assistant Professor) with School of ... [COMPUTER] Jiangtao Wang, Yasha Wang, Qin Lv. Crowd-Assisted Machine Learning: ...
View Marina Blanton's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community ... Assistant Professor of Teaching & Research, SUNY at Buffalo, New York.
BRENNA D. ARGALL http://www.eecs.northwestern.edu/~argall. EECS, McCormick ... Assistant Professor. Sep. 2011 – Aug. 2017. Northwestern University ...
Posts about Kristy Elizabeth Boyer written by Gaming and Education. ... 'navigator,' or second student,” says Dr. Kristy Boyer, an assistant professor of computer ...
Qin Lv. --. Boulder, CO. University of Colorado Boulder. Princeton University ... Assistant Professor of Ethics and Engineering Education at Colorado School of ...
... 'navigator,' or second student,” says Dr. Kristy Boyer, an assistant professor of ... Authors: Fernando J. Rodríguez, Natalie D. Kerby and Kristy Elizabeth Boyer, ...
BRENNA D. ARGALL EECS, McCormick School of Engineering, Northwestern ... and Computer Science, Northwestern University Assistant Professor, PM&R, ...
I'm an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Purdue University. Before ... In Spring 2019 I co-organized with Elena Grigorescu the Midwest Theory Day.
2016 Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering,. University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana. May 2012 – Jun. 2012. Research ...by M Blanton
Brenna D. Argall Assistant Professor of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation Northwestern University. Human Autonomy through Robotics Autonomy. September.
Aug 8, 2019 - Marina Blanton, an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science ... Prior to joining UB, Blanton was an assistant professor in the ...
Qin Lv · 24.37. Disciplines. Online Social Networks ... 8.27; Assistant Professor. Disciplines. Dynamical Systems · Graphs · Chemical Kinetics ...
Lisa Anthony Assistant Professor. 352-505-1589home ... Kristy Elizabeth Boyer Associate Professor ... of Sharon Lynn Chu Sharon Lynn Chu Assistant Professor.
Tamar Shinar Amrik Singh Poonian Assistant Professor Computer Science & Engineering Department · University of California - Riverside Riverside, CA 92521
Sep 22, 2020 - Assistant Professor Carole-Jean Wu is exploring a new approach to energy performance optimization based on smartphone user satisfaction in ...
Mar 11, 2015 - Marina Blanton is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre Dame. She received ...
The team, led by assistant professor Brenna D. Argall, has been working towards creating a wheelchair model that can be operated by people with significant ...
Apr 3, 2012 - Dr. Kristy Elizabeth Boyer. Assistant Professor, Dept. of Computer Science, NCSU. Abstract: Intelligent systems that engage users in rich natural ...
Assistant Professor Carole-Jean Wu is exploring a new approach to energy performance optimization based on smartphone user satisfaction in a $450000,...
Sonia Fahmy, Assistant Professor Purdue University Department ... David Gleich, Assistant Professor Purdue University ... Elena Grigorescu, Assistant Professor
Mar 12, 2014 - About the Speaker. Marina Blanton is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Notre ...
ASU assistant professor pc research and manufacturing Carole-Jean Wu is working away at tips on how to make personal computers get the job done more ...
Brenna D. Argall, Northwestern University ... at Northwestern University, and also an assistant professor in the Department of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation.
View Kamalika Chaudhuri's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Kamalika has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Greater San Diego Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of California at San Diego
Assistant Professor. business Computer Science & Engineering ... Computing and Graphics. phone (951) 827-5015. email tamar.shinar@ucr.edu. View Profile ...
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer, Assistant Professor North Carolina State University Department of Computer Science. Ryan Boyles, Assistant Professor North Carolina ...
Dec 1, 2015 - ... in 2005 with fellow authors and winners Marina Blanton, assistant professor of computer science and engineering at Notre Dame University, ...
Kamalika Chaudhuri. Assistant Professor, UC San Diego. Website. Kamalika Chaudhuri received a Bachelor's of Technology degree in Computer Science and ...
Oct 22, 2013 - Tamar Shinar, assistant professor of computer science and engineering, is one of the faculty members who have been selected. Shinar's ...
Anand SarwateAssistant Professor, Rutgers UniversityVerified email at rutgers.edu. Kunal TalwarAppleVerified email at kunaltalwar.org. Satish B RaoVerified ...
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer http://people.engr.ncsu.edu/keboyer/ North Carolina State University United States. Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science.
I am an Assistant Professor in the Tandy School of Computer Science at The University of Tulsa. I received my Ph. · Dr. Kuttal's research interest lies at the ...
Sep 17, 2015 - Bio: Tamar Shinar is the Amrik Singh Poonian Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Riverside. She received ...
sandeep-kuttal [at] utulsa [.] edu. Sandeep Kuttal. About Me: I am an Assistant Professor in the Tandy School of Computer Science at the University of Tulsa.
Leman Akoglu joined the Heinz College faculty as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2016. She also holds a courtesy appointment in the Computer Science ...
1:00:14Marina Blanton. Marina Blanton is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science and ...Sep 1, 2011 - Uploaded by Microsoft Research
Kamalika Chaudhuri - Assistant Professor @ University of California, San Diego.
Speaker: Tamar Shinar, Amrik Singh Poonian Assistant Professor; Computer Science & Engineering Department, University of California, Riverside, Riverside, ...
Kamalika Chaudhuri's research interests are in machine-learning, a subfield that ... she joined the CSE department at UC San Diego as an assistant professor.
View Sandeep Kuttal's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sandeep has 5 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Tulsa, Oklahoma - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Tulsa
View Leman Akoglu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Shared by Leman Akoglu ... Assistant Professor of Information Systems.Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Carnegie Mellon University - H. John Heinz III College
Assistant Professor @ University of Arizona. ... of Binomial HMMs for DNA Methylation Data. Chicheng Zhang, Eran A. Mukamel and Kamalika Chaudhuri. [arXiv] ...
The latest Tweets from Sandeep kuttal (@kutwal). Assistant professor, Researcher software engineering and Human-computer Interactions, VP for outreach ...
Sep 12, 2016 - ASU assistant professor home computer art and technology Carole-Jean Wu is working on means to make computer systems work more ...
Leman Akoglu, PhD, an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Stony Brook University, has received the prestigious Faculty Early Career ...
View Kamalika Chaudhuri's professional profile on Relationship Science, the database of decision makers. Kamalika Chaudhuri Assistant Professor at ...
View Sandeep Kuttal's business profile as Assistant Professor at University of Tulsa. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, and more.
Adriana Kovashka Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science · University of Pittsburgh · home CV publications group teaching contact · CS1674: ...
ASU assistant professor computer scientific discipline and modern technology Carole-Jean Wu is doing approaches to make laptops or computers do the job ...
Leman Akoglu joined the Heinz College faculty as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2016. She also holds a courtesy appointment in the Computer Science ...
Leman Akoglu - Assistant Professor of Information Systems @ Carnegie Mellon University.
Adriana Kovashka - Assistant Professor in Computer Science @ University of Pittsburgh.
Dec 4, 2017 - Kamalika Chaudhuri received a Bachelor of Technology degree in ... joined the CSE department at UC San Diego as an assistant professor.
Adriana Kovashka. Assistant Professor at University of Pittsburgh. The University of Texas at Austin. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania62 connections. Join to Connect.
Leman Akoglu, Assistant Professor of Information Systems. Carnegie Mellon University http://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/lakoglu/ data science, anomaly mining, ...
Erin Iski, Assistant Professor University of Tulsa ... Jyoti Iyer, Assistant Professor University of Tulsa ... Sandeep Kuttal, Assistant Professor University of Tulsa
About Adriana. Kovashka is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh, since January 2015. She received her PhD from the ...
Bio Kamalika Chaudhuri is an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science and Engineering Department at UC San Diego. Prior to joining the department, she ...
Leman Akoglu is an Assistant Professor of Information Systems at the Heinz College of Carnegie Mellon University, with courtesy appointments in the Computer ...
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science, Oregon State University, ... Authors : Kuttal, Sandeep Kaur 1 sandeep-kuttal@utulsa.edu; Sarma, Anita 2; ...
Tamar Shinar). University of California ... Nick Nobles; Victor B. Zordan; Tamar Shinar ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Texas Lutheran University.
Mar 2, 2015 - ASU assistant professor desktop scientific research and engineering Carole-Jean Wu is perfecting tips on how to make computer units function ...
Suchi Saria. John C. Malone Assistant Professor Johns Hopkins University
Oct 26, 2017 - ... Tingting Yu, Hyunsook Do, Kathryn Stolee, and Sandeep Kuttal. ... said graduate Sandeep Kuttal, who is now an assistant professor at the ...
Mar 30, 2015 - EE Alum Carole-Jean Wu *12 receives Best of Computer Architecture ... Carole-Jean Wu *12, Assistant Professor at Arizona State University, ...
Leman Akoglu http://www.cs.stonybrook.edu/~leman/ Stony Brook University United States. Leman Akoglu Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science.
Adriana Kovashka, Assistant Professor / Chair, School of Computing and Information. · Rebecca Hwa, Associate Professor, School of Computing and Information.
ASU assistant professor home pc modern technology and engineering Carole-Jean Wu is perfecting tips on how to make computing devices manage more ...
Srividya Bansal is an associate professor in the School of Computing, ... Prior to ASU, she was a visiting assistant professor at Georgetown University in ...
Hanna M. Wallach. headshot. adjunct. Position: Adjunct Assistant Professor ... Research Associate and became a tenure-track Assistant Professor in 2010 as ...
Faculty profile for Suchi Saria, PhD, Assistant Professor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Karen Livescu. Assistant Professor: Toyota Technological Institute. Contact Information. Personal Homepage. http://www.ttic.edu/livescu. [ About Us | Education ...
... Assistant Professor, IAFSE-CIDSE: Advanced Technology Innovation Center (ATIC) ... Fingerprint Dive into the research topics where Srividya Bansal is active.
... JyothiAssistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology BombayVerified email at cse.iitb.ac.in. View all. Follow. Karen ...
View Maya Cakmak's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community ... Liked by Maya Cakmak ... Assistant Professor at University of Washington.Seattle, Washington - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Washington
Jun 5, 2019 - Maya Cakmak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, Computer Science & Engineering Department, where she directs the ...
Hanna Wallach worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) and in 2012 had a reported pay ... Hanna M Wallach (40).
Karen Livescu is an assistant professor at the Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago. Her main research interests are in speech and language processing, ...
Tuesday, May 26, 2020 Share Yu-Ru Lin, associate professor in the School of Computing and Information (SCI), Adriana Kovashka, assistant professor in SCI ...
Maya Cakmak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, Computer Science &. Engineering Department, where she directs the Human-Centered ...
Dr. Kathryn Stolee is currently an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She was previously the ...
Suchi Saria is the John C. Malone Assistant Professor of computer science at the Whiting School of Engineering and of statistics and health policy at the ...
Hanna M Wallach (40). Brooklyn, NY 11249. Brooklyn, NY, View Report ... Assistant Professor University of Massachusetts Amherst View Pay Details ...
Maya Cakmak is an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington, Computer Science & Engineering Department, where she directs the Human-Centered ...
View Kathryn Stolee's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Kathryn has 7 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Raleigh, North Carolina - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎North Carolina State University
Selected Works of Hanna M. Wallach ... In fall 2010, Hanna Wallach started as an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of ...
Suchi Saria holds a joint appointment in health system informatics at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. She is also an assistant professor of ...
... will be announced soon. -- hanna m. wallach, assistant professor department of computer science, umass amherst http://www.cs.umass.edu/~wallach/ ...
Maya Cakmak. Ph.D. Robotics, 2012. Advisor: Andrea Thomaz University of ... Assistant Professor Department of Mechanical Science and Engineering
Biography. Srividya K. Bansal is an assistant professor in the Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University. Her research interests include ...
View Suchi Saria's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... Liked by Suchi Saria ... Assistant Professor, College of Computing, Georgia Tech, USA.
... and Sid Suri (Yahoo! Research). -- hanna m. wallach assistant professor department of computer science, umass amherst http://www.cs.umass.edu/~wallach/ ...
Srividya Bansal's email address s******@gmail.com | Show email & phone >>> ... Associate Professor, Assistant Professor @ Arizona State University
Suchi Saria is an assistant professor of computer science, health policy, and statistics at Johns Hopkins University. Her research interests...
Assistant Professor (Engineering Education) ... odesma@sandiego.edu. Picture. Srividya Bansal Associate ... Office: (480) 727-5107 srividya.bansal@asu.edu ...
Karen Livescu, University of Chicago. Profile photo of Karen Livescu, expert at University of Chicago. Assistant Professor Chicago, Illinois klivescu@ttic.edu ...
Solution: Suchi Saria, an assistant professor at Johns Hopkins University, wondered: what if existing medical information could be used to predict which patients ...
Stolee is an assistant professor in North Carolina State University's Department of Computer Science. Her research interests include program analysis, code ...
Assistant Professor, Computer Science Department, Colorado State University.. Jan 10 ... Sangmi Lee Pallickara (Co-PI) with Shrideep Pallickara (PI), Mazdak.
Dr. Srividya Bansal is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Engineering in the College of Technology and Innovation at the ASU Polytechnic Campus.
Karen Livescu's email address k******@gmail.com | Show email & phone >>> ... Associate Professor, Assistant Professor, Research Assistant Professor @
Kathryn Stolee worked as an Assistant Professor for Iowa State University (ISU) and in 2014 had a reported pay of $100000.
Sangmi Lee Pallickara Computer Science Department, 1873 Campus ... 03 Sep 01 Aug 04 May 99 Apr 00 Assistant Professor, Computer Science Department, ...
Karen Livescu is an Assistant Professor at TTI-Chicago, where she has been since 2008. She completed her PhD in 2005 at MIT in the Spoken Language ...
Dr. Srividya Bansal Arizona State University, USA srividya.bansal@asu.edu. Prof. ... He is currently an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Software ...
Hanna M. Wallach, Microsoft Research. ... In fall 2010, Hanna Wallach started as an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University ...
An Introduction to TTI-Chicago, and Research in Speech and Language Processing. Karen Livescu – Assistant Professor at TTI-Chicago December 1st
Statistics Department Seminar Series: Shuheng Zhou, Assistant Professor, Department of Statistics, University of Michigan. Free Workshop / Seminar. TBA ...
Assistant Professor, September 2010 January (On leave January 2014 January 2016.) ... Women in Free/Open Source Software Development Hanna M. Wallach.
Sangmi Lee Pallickara is a research scientist in the Department of Computer ... Shrideep Pallickara is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer ...by M Malensek - ‎2013 - ‎Cited by 39 - ‎Related articles
0More. No photo of Suchi Saria. View Scopus Profile. Suchi Saria. Assistant Professor ... Fingerprint Dive into the research topics where Suchi Saria is active.
Name: Kathryn Stolee. Bio: I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at North Carolina State University and the recipient of an NSF ...
Statistics Department Seminar Series: Shuheng Zhou, Assistant Professor, Department of Statistics, University of Michigan. News and Events · All News ...
Sangmi Lee Pallickara. My Photo. Contact me. My Web Page. On Blogger ... Occupation, Assistant professor. Location, Fort Collins, Colorado, United States ...
Name: Kathryn Stolee. Bio: I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at North Carolina State University and the recipient of an NSF ...
Assistant Professor. Bruce Donald Professor. Raluca Gordan · Raluca-Mihaela Gordan Associate Professor. Kamesh Munagala Assoc. Chair, Professor.
Assistant Professor. Department of Computer Science · University of ... (27% acceptance rate) with Sangmi Lee Pallickara and Shrideep Pallickara. Chicago, IL.
ISUengineering By: ISUengineering. Follow. Friend; Family; Unfollow. Kathryn Stolee. Harpole-Pentair Assistant Professor. Done. Comment. 114 views. 0 faves.
View linda werner's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. linda has 2 jobs ... Assistant Professor of Practice at Portland State University.Savannah, Georgia Area - ‎Child Development Consultant/family Coach - ‎Werner Consulting
Raluca-Mihaela Gordan, Assistant Professor Duke University ... Heekyoung Hahn, Assistant Professor Duke University ... Sara Haravifard, Assistant Professor
Assistant Professor. Department of ... Shrideep Pallickara, Geoffrey Fox, Beytullah Yildiz, Sangmi Lee Pallickara, Sima Patel and Damodar. Yemme. On the ...
Lingjia Tang is an assistant professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Michigan. She is the Co-Founder and Interim Co-CEO at Clinc.
Ali Shariati, Assistant Professor, Biomolecular Engineering. Alvaro Cardenas ... Linda Werner, Adjunct Professor, Computer Science and Engineering. Lindsey ...
Feb 26, 2013 - Shuheng Zhou is currently an assistant Professor in the Department of Statistics, with a courtesy appointment with the Department of Electrical ...
Lorenzo De Carli, Assistant Professor Colorado State ... Laura Moreno, Assistant Professor Colorado ... Sangmi Lee Pallickara, Assistant Professor Colorado ...
Raluca-Mihaela Gordan, Assistant Professor Duke University Department of Computer Science. Profile Added ? Alfred T Goshaw, James B. Duke Professor
Linda Werner, University of California, Santa Cruz, California, U.S., ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Game Design at Hampshire College and.
Sangmi Lee PallickaraAssociate Professor of Computer Science, Colorado State ... Wes J. LloydAssistant Professor, University of Washington, TacomaVerified ...
Shuheng Zhou, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, I am an assistant professor of Statistics, and EECS ...
I am an assistant professor of computer science at Northwestern University. ... Jennie Duggan and Michael Brodie, "Hephaestus: Data Reuse for Accelerating ...
assistant professor of small-animal internal medicine at Purdue. University and Ohio State ... Linda Werner*, DVM, PhD, DACVIM, DACVP. Clinical pathologist ...
Curriculum Vitae Shuheng Zhou Contact Information 445B West Hall Department of ... Employment History Assistant Professor, Departments of Statistics and ...
Raluca-Mihaela Gordan. Associate ... Assistant Professor of Statistical Science and Computer Science ... Assistant Professor of the Practice of Computer Science.
Ali Shariati, Assistant Professor, Biomolecular Engineering. Alvaro Cardenas ... Linda Werner, Adjunct Professor, Computer Science and Engineering. Lindsey ...
Dr. Shuheng Zhou. Assistant Professor. Department of Statistics. University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Time & Place: Wednesday, December 10, 2014, 4:00-5: ...
Jennie Duggan (née Rogers) ... Michael Stonebraker, Jennie Duggan, Leilani Battle, and Olga Papaemmanouil. ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science.
Linda Werner. Adjunct Professor of Computer Science, ... Assistant Professor of Psychology, California State University, Northridge. Verified email at csun.edu.
*Sangkil Moon is Assistant Professor of Marketing, College of Manage- ment, North ... Miklos, Istvan and Irmtraud M. Meyer (2005), “A Linear Memory. Algorithm ...
Bing Zhou, Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Department of Physics. Shuheng Zhou, Assistant Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor
faculty Raluca-Mihaela Gordan Associate ... Email Raluca-Mihaela Gordan. D212. faculty brd ... Assistant Professor of the Practice of Computer Science
Hallam, assistant professor in Microbiology. & Immunology at UBC. While the notion of ... Irmtraud M. Meyer, Assist. Prof., Dept. of. Computer Science and UBC ...
... Chen Assistant Professor BIOLOGY Yutao - Chen Biology Graduate Student ... Raluca-Mihaela - Gordan Assistant Professor of Biostatistics & Bioinformatics ...
Lingjia Tang is an assistant professor of CSE at the University of Michigan. Prior to joining the University of Michigan, she was a research...
Nov 13, 2016 - Seyoung Park, Kerby Shedden and Shuheng Zhou. ... Shuheng Zhou is currently an assistant Professor in the Department of Statistics, with a ...
350,Raluca-Mihaela Gordan,Duke University,Duke University,Female ... of California San Diego,Female,Research Assistant Professor,,Plasma Physics. 15054 ...
Jennie Duggan, Assistant Professor, EECS Dept, Northwestern, Wed 2/25 @ 2:00 pm in the Ford ITW Room. Please welcome Prof. Jennie Duggan, Assistant ...
Computer Science Mea Wang, Ph.D. Assistant Professor, High School Liaison Department of Computer Science University of Calgary Calgary CS Teacher ...
Welcome to Jing Chen's Homepage! I am an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Stony Brook University. I am also an Affiliated ...
This directory covers Jennie Duggan. ... Directory of Profiled Business People: Jennie Duggan. Duff, Alan - Duiker ... Direct. Assistant Professor, Wildlife Biology.
Xiaoli ZhaoAssistant Professor, College of Pharmacy, Ohio State UniversityVerified email at osumc.edu. Follow. Lingjia Tang. University of Michigan. Verified ...
Biography. Jing Chen is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Stony Brook University. She is an Affiliated Assistant Professor in the ...
Aaron J. Elmore is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer ... Willis Lang, Jennie Duggan, Aaron J. Elmore, Michael Stonebraker, David J. DeWitt.
Jul 28, 2016 - Minlan Yu, an assistant professor at the University of Southern California, will join the Yale Computer Science Department this fall.
Computer Science Mea Wang, PhD Assistant Professor, High School Liaison Department of Computer Science University of Calgary Calgary CS Teacher ...
Oct 27, 2011 - Examining Committee: Dr. Tamara Smyth,. Assistant Professor, Computing Science ... [28] Irmtraud M. Meyer. A practical guide to the art of RNA ...by W Jiang - ‎2011 - ‎Related articles
Lingjia Tang is an assistant professor of CSE at the University of Michigan. Prior to joining the University of Michigan, she was a research faculty member at ...
Jing Chen, Ph.D. (Human Factors). ASSISTANT PROFESSOR Department of Psychology ... College of Sciences · Department of Psychology. Jing Chen ...
This is Minlan Yu's academic homepage. ... in UC Berkeley for one year and spent four years at University of Southern California as an assistant professor.
... and Transcriptome Regulation Irmtraud M. Meyer 188 Evolutionary Modeling and ... She was to Associate Professor in 2008. appointed Assistant Professor in ...
Lingjia Tang. Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Graduated Ph.D. Michael Laurenzano · Yunqi Zhang · Johann Hauswald · Yiping Kang · Chang-hong Hsu
Jul 27, 2016 - Minlan Yu joined the Yale Computer Science Department as an Assistant Professor on July 1, 2016.
... each product category are *Sangkil Moon is Assistant Professor of Marketing, ... Miklos, Istvan and Irmtraud M. Meyer (2005), “A Linear Memory Allenby, Greg ...
Jing Chen. Assistant Professor of Biological Sciences. Jing Chen. Headshots for the Virginia Tech College of Science. Chen. 5100 Derring Hall (MC 0406)
Feb 12, 2020 - Clinc co-founder and COO Lingjia Tang — who is married to Mars ... Mars is an assistant professor of computer science at the University of ...
Minlan Yu. Assistant Professor at University of Southern California · Che footer logo. 1255 23rd Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20037 © 2020 The Chronicle of ...
Feb 2, 2020 - Mea Wang, Ph. Mea Wang is now Associate Professor (with tenure) at the Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary. She joined the iQua research group in 2002, after receiving her Bachelor of Computer Science (Honours) degree with first-class honour from the University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Justine Sherry; Assistant Professor; [CSD] [Cylab] [SNAP]; Carnegie Mellon University. +1 (412) 268-5498; sherry@cs.cmu.edu; Office: GHC 9227; Admin: Olivia ...‎Publications · ‎Coffee · ‎Team · ‎Teaching
Jing Chen is Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department at Stony Brook University and Affiliated Assistant Professor in the Economics Department.
In 2015, Jason started Clinc out of Clarity Lab (CLarity Lab Inc. Lingjia Tang Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Laurenzano, Ron Dreslinski, Thomas ...
Harvard Associate Professor Minlan Yu will discuss "Optimizing Transport Protocols for Modern Data Center Networks" on Thursday, October 31st.
Justine Sherry. Assistant Professor. Office: 9227 Gates & Hillman Centers. Email: justines@andrew.cmu.edu. Department: Computer Science Department.
May 31, 2010 - Aycock has worked on Typhoid with assistant professor Mea Wang and students Daniel Medeiros Nunes de Castro and Eric Lin since last year, ...
View Alexandra Meliou's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Alexandra has 9 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Seattle, Washington - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Massachusetts Amherst
Dr. Jing Chen. Assistant Professor of Mathematics ... Jing Chen and Zhijian Wu Critical path for an optimal hedging strategy, Contemporary Mathematics by AMS ...
Yanjun Qi Assistant Professor. 2015-16 total compensation. $144,400. Pay components. Base salary: $144,400. University of Virginia rank, 732 of 7,474.
May 24, 2010 - The researchers -- associate professor John Aycock, assistant professor Mea Wang, and students Daniel Medeiros Nunes de Castro and Eric ...
Minlan Yu, who received her PhD in 2011 and is now an Assistant Professor at Yale, is "using cutting-edge research to transform the way that...
Alexandra Meliou. Alexandra Meliou ... of Information and Computer Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2012.
Justine Sherry is an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University. Her interests are in computer networking. Her work includes middleboxes, networked ...
Aycock and assistant professor Mea Wang, and students Daniel Medeiros Nunes de Castro and Eric Lin, co-wrote a paper on the Typhoid adware threat.
Aug 26, 2015 - USC Viterbi's Minlan Yu is focusing on redesigning network ... as an assistant professor in USC Viterbi's Department of Computer Science.
Yanjun Qi Assistant Professor. 2016-17 total compensation. $154,500. Pay components: Base salary: $154,500. University of Virginia rank, 688 of 7,927.
View Justine Sherry's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Justine has ... Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University. Pittsburgh ...Berkeley, California - ‎Student - ‎UC Berkeley
Alexandra Meliou is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computer Science at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She graduated with a PhD in ...
Jun 26, 2020 - Assistant Professor Alexandra Meliou was just awarded a prestigious NSF CAREER Award. This $550K grant will support Prof. Meliou's work ...
Justine Sherry is joining Carnegie Mellon University as an assistant professor in Fall 2017. Her interests are in computer networking; her work includes ...
Mar 14, 2015 - Mea Wang is currently an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Calgary. She received her Bachelor of ...by M Tauhiduzzaman - ‎2015 - ‎Cited by 8 - ‎Related articles
A Meliou, W Gatterbauer, JY Halpern, C Koch, KF Moore, D Suciu. IEEE Data Eng. Bull. 33 (ARTICLE), 59-67, 2010. 100, 2010. Nonmyopic informative path ...
Justine Sherry Martins is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Justine Sherry Martins and others you may know. Facebook ... Assistant Professor. Intel.
May 21, 2010 - ... John Aycock, who co-authored a paper with assistant professor Mea Wang and students Daniel Medeiros Nunes de Castro and Eric Lin.
Feb 6, 2019 - Alexandra Meliou, assistant professor in the College of Information and Computer Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, will be ...
放一位北大计算机毕业的学姐的学术之路，Minlan Yu (http://minlanyu.seas.harvard.edu/)。Yu老师06年本科毕业于pku cs with GPA第一，去Princeton的Jennifer（ ...72 answers
Oct 16, 2018 - Assistant Professor Justine Sherry is among 10 researchers chosen as this year's N²Women Rising Stars in Computer Networking and ...
profile photo. Yan Liu Assistant Professor of Finance, Purdue University. mailing address: Krannert Building, 403 W. State Street, West Lafayette, IN 47907-2056, ...
Sep 13, 2012 - Dr. Caine has accepted the position of assistant professor in the Human Centered Computing Division of the School of Computing at Clemson ...
Alexandra Meliou is an Assistant Professor and the Department of Computer Science, at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She has held this position ...
Justine Sherry. Academic Title: Assistant Professor; Name: Justine Sherry; Department: School of Computer Science; Department Website: ...
Yan Liu. Assistant Professor of Management Finance · CV. Contact. liu2746@purdue.edu. Phone: 62194. Office: KRAN 522. Quick links. Personal website.
MATTHEW PANZER, Assistant Professor University of ... Byungkyu "Brian" Park, Research Assistant Professor University of ... Yanjun Qi, Assistant Professor
Aug 19, 2015 - Alexandra Meliou, an assistant professor at University of Massachusetts, Amherst who completed a postdoc under the guidance of UW CSE ...
In 1998, he joined UVA as a Research Assistant Professor and became an Assistant Professor in 2002. ... In Kee Kim, Wei Wang, Yanjun Qi, Marty Humphrey.
Meet Yan Liu, faculty member of the School of Community Health Sciences at the University of Nevada, Reno. ... Yan Liu, Ph.D. Assistant Professor. University ...
Justine Sherry is an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University starting in Fall 2017. She is currently on leave from academia pursuing industrial ...
Professor Yan Liu. Yan Liu. PhD. Yan Liu. PhD. Assistant Professor. Department of History · College of ...
Assistant Professor University of Massachusetts System (Ums), 2018, Alexander Suvorov, Assistant Professor, University of ... Alexandra Meliou (2018).
I am an Assistant Professor of the Computer Science department and a ... my Ph.D. in 2018 from the University of Virginia with Dr. Yanjun Qi as my advisor.
Assistant Professor Ph.D., University of Florida julianbrinkley@clemson.edu McAdams 226C. Kelly Caine Associate Professor Ph.D., Georgia Tech
Oct 16, 2015 - Alexandra Meliou spoke about her research analyzing data errors in databases, ... Alexandra Meliou is an Assistant Professor in the College of ...
Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science , in University of Virginia.
Assistant Professor of Finance, Purdue University - ‪Cited by 1333‬ - ‪Asset pricing‬ - ‪macro finance‬ - ‪financial econometrics‬ - ‪hedge funds‬ - ‪mutual funds‬
View Kelly Caine's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Kelly has 2 ... Assistant Professor at School of Computing, Clemson University.Clemson, South Carolina - ‎Clemson University
Kelly Caine is Director of the Humans and Technology lab and Assistant Professor in the Human-Centered Computing Division of the School of Computing at ...
Rumi Chunara. Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering. Computer Science and Engineering. Connect. Rumi Chunara. Research Interests: My ...
Wei Le. Faculty. Assistant Professor. Wei Le. Dr. Le is an assistant professor at the department of computer science at Iowa State University. She is interested in ...
Yan Liu is an Assistant Professor of Finance at Texas A&M University. He received his PhD in Finance from Duke University. His areas of expertise include: ...College Station, Texas - ‎Assistant Professor in Finance - ‎Purdue University
Wei Le. Position. Assistant Professor ... Wei Le. 210 Atanasoff 2434 Osborn Dr. Ames, IA 50011-1090. weile@iastate.edu. Phone: 515-294-8813 ...
Assistant Professor of Biostatistics. Professional overview. Dr. Rumi Chunara researches and develops ways to use unstructured data in real-world applications ...
Assistant Professor Clemson University Human-Centered Computing Division School of Computing. Clemson University More Details Kelly Caine is an assistant ...
View Beibei Li's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Beibei has 3 jobs ... Assistant Professor in IT and Management. Carnegie Mellon ...Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Carnegie Mellon University
View Yan Liu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yan has 6 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...Cypress, California - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎United States University
Norfolk, Virginia - ‎Assistant Professor of Human Factors Psychology - ‎Old Dominion UniversityJing Chen. Assistant Professor of Human Factors Psychology at Old Dominion University. Old Dominion UniversityPurdue University. Norfolk, Virginia415 ...
The latest Tweets from Wei Le (@weiapplele). Assistant Professor @ Iowa State University. Ames, IA, USA.
Rumi Chunara · Assistant Professor of Computer Science & Engineering and Global Public Health at New York University · Activity · Experience · Education.
Beibei LI, Assistant Professor of Carnegie Mellon University, PA (CMU) | Read 28 publications | Contact Beibei LI.
Yan Liu, Ph.D.Assistant Professor yan.liu@ubc.ca604-827-1780Measurement, Evaluation, and Research Methodology.
Rumi Chunara. Assistant Professor, Computer Science & Engineering and Biostats/Epidemiology. New York University, Tandon School of Engineering and
Wei Le worked as an Assistant Professor for Iowa State University (ISU) and in 2017 had a reported pay of $132096.07.
Kelly Caine (Human Centered Computing): Co-PI; Assistant Professor of Human-Centered Computing. Jacob Sorber (Computer Science): PI; Associate Professor ...
Dr. Yan Liu is an Assistant Professor of the Practice in the Department of Asian and Middle Eastern Studies and an affiliate faculty member in Asian/Pacific ...
Wei Le, assistant professor of computing and information sciences, has been awarded a $50,000 Faculty Research Grant from the Google Research Awards ...
Shan Lu, UChicago, University of Chicago, Software Reliability, Operating Systems. ... Linhai Song, Ph.D. 2015, Assistant Professor @ Penn State University
Beibei Li. Beibei is Assistant Professor of IT and Management and Anna Loomis McCandless Chair at the John Heinz College of Information Systems and Public ...
Rumi Chunara is an Assistant Professor at NYU, in Computer Science & Engineering and the Global Institute of Public Health. The overarching goal of her ...
Min Chi is a Chancellor's Faculty Excellence Program cluster hire in Digital Transformation of Education. Chi, an assistant professor in the Department of ...
Wei-Wei Le, Assistant Professor of Violin at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas will once again join our faculty for Heartland Summer Festival. A...
Yan Liu is an assistant professor in the Department of Internal Medicine.​​
She was the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor of Computer Sciences at University of Wisconsin, Madison, from 2009 to 2014. Shan has won Alfred P.
Rumi Chunara is an Assistant Professor at NYU, jointly appointed at the Tandon School of Engineering (in Computer Science) and the College of Global Public ...
Dr. Min Chi Yan. yan@nsuok.edu. Assistant Professor Curriculum Instruction BA. Office Location. Broken Arrow. Broken Arrow Education Room 147; Phone: ...
Assistant Professor in Residence. Office: BMC 143 ... Assistant Professor of Music, History/Literature. Office: HAB-1 101/102 ... Wei-Wei Le, M.M.. Professor of ...
Zhe ZhangAssistant Professor, Rady School of Management, UC San DiegoVerified email at ucsd.edu. Follow. Beibei Li. Carnegie Mellon University. Verified ...
Debra S. Goldberg, Assistant Professor University ... Joshua Grochow, Assistant Professor University ... Kenny Gruchalla, Adjunct Assistant Professor University ...
Rumi Chunara is an Assistant Professor at NYU, in Computer Science & Engineering and the College of Global Public Health. Her research focuses on how we ...
Assistant Professor. Wei-Le Wang (AAI '15). Graduate Student. Beckman Research Institute, City of Hope. Project: The Role and Molecular Mechanism of.
Congratulations to Dr. Min Chi! Dr. Chi, an assistant professor of NC State Computer Science has received a Faculty Early Career Development award from...
Bacteria-Materials interactions – Antibacterial Surfaces. Prof. Debra S Goldberg, PhD. • Title: Assistant Professor. • Affiliation: Department of Computer Science, ...
Aug 24, 2015 - SHAN LU. Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellow Computer Science Department University of Wisconsin - ...
Rumi Chunara, PhD is an Assistant Professor at NYU in Computer Science & Engineering and The Global Institute of Public Health. She studies how information ...
Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Stacy Patterson is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science. From 2009-2011, ...
Min-Chi Yan. Assistant Professor at Northeastern State University. University of Wisconsin-Madison. Broken Arrow, Oklahoma14 connections. Join to Connect.Broken Arrow, Oklahoma - ‎TA - ‎University of Wisconsin-Madison
David M. Post · M. Elizabeth Conners · Debra S. Goldberg. Pages: 8-14; First ... University of Georgia: Assistant Professor in Marine Conservation Biology.
Nicholas Lourie, Ronan Le Bras, Chandra Bhagavatula, Yejin Choi ... (Young Investigator/Postdoc @ AI2/UW -> Assistant Professor @ University of Maryland)
Min Chi is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. Her specialty is applied machine learning and data mining, and her ...
View Shan Lu's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's ... Assistant Professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Cambridge, MA.
David M. Post · M. Elizabeth Conners · Debra S. Goldberg. Pages: 8- ... University of California Berkeley: Assistant Professor - Native American Studies and the ...
Yejin Choi joins Computer Science & Engineering as an assistant professor. She comes from the State University of New York at Stony Brook (SUNY) where she ...
View Shan-Lu Liu's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Shan-Lu has 1 ... Visiting Assistant Professor of Physics at Hollins University.Columbus, Ohio - ‎Professor - ‎The Ohio State University
View Stacy Patterson's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Stacy has 3 jobs ... Assistant Professor, Computer Science. Rensselaer ...Troy, New York - ‎Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Zhe ZhangAssistant Professor, Rady School of Management, UC San DiegoEmail được xác minh tại ucsd.edu. Theo dõi. Beibei Li. Carnegie Mellon University.
View Yejin Choi's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the ... applied scientist... Liked by Yejin Choi ... Assistant Professor at University of Washington.
Debra S. Goldberg. Join to view Todd's full profile. View full profile ... A. Murat Eren. Assistant Professor at The University of Chicago. Greater Chicago Area ...Chico, California - ‎Associate Professor - ‎California State University, Chico
Stacy PATTERSON, Assistant Professor of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, NY (RPI) | Read 78 publications | Contact Stacy PATTERSON.
Beibei Li. Assistant Professor in Information Systems and Management. Anna Loomis McCandless Chair. Heinz College, Carnegie Mellon University.
Min-Chi YAN, Assistant Professor of Special Education of Northeastern State University at Broken Arrow, Broken Arrow (NSUBA) | Read 8 publications | Contact ...
DEBRA S GOLDBERG, Fort Lauderdale FL ... (Junior) and Debra Goldberg (Assistant Professor) about the Computational Biology and Health Informatics track ...
Michael R Burchell, Assistant Professor North Carolina State ... Dr. Cassie Castorena, Assistant Professor North Carolina State ... Min Chi, Assistant Professor
Stacy Patterson. HOME · PUBLICATIONS · TEACHING · CV. I am now an assistant professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
View Stacy Patterson's business profile as Associate Professor Of Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic ... Assistant Professor, Computer Science ...
Min Chi Yan (2018). Ft Faculty Overload ... of College, $165,500, $165,500. 5, Nathan LighthizerAssistant Professor, Assistant Professor, $162,697.02, $162,697 ...
The latest Tweets from Yejin Choi (@YejinChoinka). professor at UW, ... I'll be joining the @ICepfl School at @EPFL_en as an assistant professor in Fall 2021!
Jun 19, 2020 - RPI welcomes Stacy Patterson, an expert in networking sensors found in cars and other mobile electronic devices ... her work uses the car ...
Yejin Choi is the Brett Helsel Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of ... After earning her doctorate Choi joined Stony Brook University as an Assistant Professor of Computer Science. At Stony Brook University Choi ...
Stacy Patterson is the Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. She received the MS ...
Sonia Haiduc is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Florida State University. Her research is in software engineering, focusing on ...
Mar 14, 2019 - ... Foundation recently awarded a grant to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute's Clare Boothe Luce Assistant Professor Stacy Patterson and fellow ...
Findlater is an assistant professor in the College of Information Studies (iSchool), an affiliate professor in the Department of Computer Science, and a member of ...
Mir HasanAssistant Professor at Austin Peay State UniversityVerified email at apsu.edu. View all. Follow. Sonia Haiduc. Associate Professor, Florida State ...
University of Calgary · CPSC · iLab. Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science · University of Calgary. Contact. lora.oehlberg@ucalgary.ca ...
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science, UT Austin ... Prior to that, I was a Ph.D. student at UW, advised by Luke Zettlemoyer and Yejin Choi.
View Sonia Haiduc's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sonia has 4 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...Tallahassee, Florida - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Florida State University
Greater Seattle Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of WashingtonView Leah Findlater's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Leah has 5 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...
Nora Ayanian. Assistant Professor. and Director of the ACT Lab at USC · Department of Computer Science · Viterbi School of Engineering
Susan H. Rodger is an American computer scientist known for work in computer science ... In 1994 she moved to Duke University as an assistant professor of the Practice of Computer Science. She was promoted to associate professor of the ...
Sonia HAIDUC, Assistant Professor of Florida State University, FL (FSU) | Read 44 publications | Contact Sonia HAIDUC.
Biography. Nora Ayanian is Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Andrew and Erna Viterbi Early Career Chair at the University of Southern California.
Susan H. Rodger is a Professor of the Practice in the Department of ... Rodger was previously an Assistant Professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and ...
Yejin Choi, currently Assistant Professor at SUNY Stony Brook, will be joining UW CSE this fall. Yejin is a rising star in Natural Language Processing…
Sonia Haiduc is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Florida State University. Her research is in software engineering, focusing on ...
Advisor: Dr. Leah Findlater, Assistant Professor, Human-centered Design and Engineering, University of Washington. Advisor: Prof. Jacob O. Wobbrock ...
Mar 27, 2019 - Susan H. Rodger to Receive IEEE Computer Society 2019 Taylor L. Booth ... Rodger was previously an assistant professor at Rensselaer ...
Hanna Wallach worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) and in 2013 had a reported pay of $130636.30.
Lora Oehlberg is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science at the University of Calgary in Canada and one of the faculty directors of the Interactions Lab (iLab) ...
by TY Lee - ‎2017 - ‎Cited by 50 - ‎Related articlesLeah Findlater is an Assistant Professor in the College of Information Studies and the Institute for Advanced Computer Studies at the University of Maryland, ...
Sonia Haiduc worked as an Assistant Professor for Florida State University (FSU) and in 2019 had a reported pay of $116155 with a pay type of salaried.
Susan H. Rodger Contact Information ... Assistant Professor In Psychiatry a... Phone ... Susan H. Rodger's role in Duke University is Professor of the Practice.
Hanna Wallach worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) and in 2012 had a reported pay of $124611.04.
Leah Findlater, Human Centered Design & Engineering, University of Washington, ... Before joining HCDE, I was as an assistant professor at the University of ...
View Lora Oehlberg's business profile as Assistant Professor at University of Calgary. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, and ...
Professor Susan H. Rodger, ... From 1989 until 1994, she was an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Aug 30, 2016 - Nora Ayanian, assistant professor of #ComputerScience, often calls robots "people" for a reason. #TR35.
8:09Hanna Wallach is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of ...Sep 18, 2012 - Uploaded by Data Gotham
Dr. Lora Oehlberg is an assistant professor in Computer Science at the University of Calgary and one of the faculty directors at iLab.
View Tinoosh Mohsenin's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Tinoosh has 4 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Baltimore, Maryland Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Maryland Baltimore County
Find MOOC Courses and Free Online Courses taught by Susan H. Rodger. ... From 1989 until 1994, I was an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science ...
Nora Ayanian's picture. First Name: Nora. Last Name: Ayanian. Position: Assistant Professor (or same level Researcher). Department: Department of Computer ...
Tinoosh Mohsenin, assistant professor of computer science and electrical engineering, has received a CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation ...
Hanna Wallach is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of ...Sep 19, 2011
Jul 20, 2018 - Biography: Tinoosh Mohsenin is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Electrical. Engineering at University of ...
View Sonia Haiduc's business profile as Assistant Professor at Florida State University. Find contact's direct phone number, email address, work history, and ...
We are pleased to announce that Assistant Professor Hanna Wallach and her students Meagan Day and Rachel Shorey are now part of the CIIR. Dr. Wallach ...
Susan H. Rodger, Computer Science Department, Duke University, I'm a ... From 1989 until 1994, I was an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science ...
Roboticist Nora Ayanian, assistant professor of computer science and director of the Automatic Coordination of Teams Lab at USC, and environmental ...
... John Nelson Systems Engineer at University of Maryland-Baltimore County; Tinoosh Mohsenin Assistant Professor at University of Maryland-Baltimore County ...
Susan H. Rodger is an American computer scientist known for work in ... In 1994 she moved to Duke University as an assistant professor of the Practice of ...
Tinoosh Mohsenin, Assistant Professor University of Maryland, Baltimore County Department of Computer Science & Electrical Engineering ...
Aug 13, 2018 - I am an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University. I am a member of the Principles of Programming ...‎Research · ‎Writing · ‎Group · ‎Join Us
Oscar Chaparro starts as Assistant Professor at The College of William and Mary ... Sonia Haiduc successfully defended her Ph.D. dissertation on "Supporting ...
Assistant Professor. Prof. ... Hanna Wallach is a Senior Researcher at Microsoft Research New York City and an Adjunct Associate Professor in the College of ...
Tinoosh Mohsenin · Ph.D. ECE, Nov. 2010. Assistant Professor University of Maryland, Baltimore County. LDPC algorithms; LDPC architectures and processor ...
Yuanfang Guan. Assistant Professor. Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Michigan Medicine Internal Medicine, Nephrology ...
Sonia Haiduc - Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science, FSU ... Sonia Haiduc, Assistant Professor. • 4 Ph.D. Students. • 3 MS students ...
... but two UMBC researchers – Tinoosh Mohsenin and Gymama Slaughter – have won ... Research pursued by Mohsenin – an assistant professor of computer ...
View Jean Yang's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jean has 11 jobs listed ... Liked by Jean Yang ... Assistant Professor. Carnegie ...San Mateo, California, United States - ‎Founder and CEO - ‎Akita Software
In fall 2010, Hanna Wallach started as an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. She is one of ...
Apr 15, 2019 - Yanni Sun is an Associate Professor in the Department of Electronic ... Science and Engineering at MSU as an Assistant Professor in 2008.
View Yuanfang Guan's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yuanfang has 2 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Ann Arbor, Michigan - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of Michigan
Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Technology for Creativity & Collaboration My name is Lora Oehlberg, and I'm an assistant professor in Computer Science, ...
Tinoosh Mohsenin 2, Houshmand Shirani-mehr 1, Bevan Baas 1 1 University of ... Valenti Assistant Professor West Virginia University Morgantown, WV.
Jean Yee Hwa Yang is an Australian statistician known for her work on variance reduction for ... and bioinformatics with Mark R. Segal at the University of California, San Francisco, where she became an assistant professor in 2003. In 2005 ...
Assistant Professor at University of Michigan. Location: Ann Arbor, MI United States. Dr. Yuanfang Guan ...
Hanna Wallach is a researcher at Microsoft Research in New York City and an assistant professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst's School of ...
yanni sun. Assistant Professor at Michigan State University. Michigan State UniversityWashington University in Saint Louis. Lansing, Michigan Area176 ...Lansing, Michigan Area - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Michigan State University
Bio: Lora Oehlberg is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science at the University of Calgary in Canada where she leads the Curio Lab, is a faculty member in ...
Jean Yang: Bringing the Power of Computer Programming to the Masses ... and more,” says Jean, Assistant Professor, Computer Science Department, Carnegie ...
May 24, 2019 - Tanu Malik Assistant Professor, Assistant Professor, College of Computing ... Tinoosh Mohsenin Associate Professor, Department of Computer ...
Dr. Yuanfang Guan started a faculty position at the University of Michigan in 2012, focusing on developing ... Assistant Professor at University of Michigan ...
Yanni SUN, Assistant Professor of Michigan State University, MI (MSU) | Read 82 publications | Contact Yanni SUN.
Hanna Wallach is a researcher at Microsoft Research in New York City and an adjunct assistant professor at the UMass Amherst's School of Computer Science.
Yuanfang Guan PhD Student Now Assistant Professor at. University of Michigan. Maria Chikina PhD Student Now Assistant Professor at. University of Pittsburgh.
Assistant Professor: Physics, Astronomy and Geosciences ... Amy Williams always dreamed of being a scientist, and after completing a geology course in her ...
Hear new Assistant Professor Jean Yang talk about bridging the gap between research and practice to secure our software. Slides:...
Amy Williams. Assistant Professor. Computational Biology, Computing and Information Science/College of Agriculture and Life Sciences ...
View seyoung Kim's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. seyoung has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Carnegie Mellon University
June 16, 2010 Yanni Sun, assistant professor of computer science and engineering, has received an NSF CAREER award for her project "New Technologies for ...
Follow · @gyuanfan. Yuanfang Guan gyuanfan ... Nathan Sheffield nsheff. Assistant professor and leader of @databio computational biology research group.
[X]. You must enable JavaScript to view the search results. home / Psychological Sciences and Counseling / Amy Williams. Dr. Amy Williams. Assistant Professor ...
View Seyoung Kim's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. ... Assistant Professor at Pohang University of Science and Technology.Korea - ‎Associate Professor - ‎Pohang University of Science and Technology
Jean Yang, works at Microsoft Research. Programming languages and software ... Open in App. Sign In. Jean Yang. Assistant Professor of Computer Science.
seyoung.kim@vanderbilt.edu. Mellon Assistant Professor of Cinema and Media Arts Ph.D., Film Studies, University of Iowa. Se Young Kim is a Mellon Assistant ...
Feb 6, 2018 - Yuanfang Guan, Assistant Professor of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, and her student Hongyang Li from the University of ...
Amy Williams. Assistant Professor, English. 4113 JFSB. 801-422-2770. amy_williams@byu.edu. Permalink: https://humanities.byu.edu/amy-williams-2/.
Assistant Professor of Cinema Studies. Cinema Studies. Office: Miller Library 313 ... Phone: 207-859-4705. Fax: 207-859-4705. E-mail: seyoung.kim@colby.edu ...
Yuanfan Guan, PhD, Assistant Professor, Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics and Internal Medicine/Nephrology, Co-I (1.2 month effort): ...
The Music Department welcomes Amy Williams to the faculty as assistant professor in composition/theory. A featured composer and performer with the ...
Assistant Professor of Cinema Studies. seyoung.kim@colby.edu · 207-859-4705 · 404-324-8442 (cell). Murphy, Erin E. Visiting Instructor of Cinema Studies.
Tijana Milenkovic, associate professor of computer science and engineering, has been elected to the board of directors of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB).
Tracey C. Ho, Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, and colleagues' research on stateless data transmission using Random ...
... seyoung.kim@colby.edu ACADEMIC APPOINTMENTS 2019- Colby College, Cinema Studies Assistant Professor of Cinema Studies 2016-2019 Vanderbilt ...
Mar 1, 2013 - Seyoung Kim, an assistant professor in the Lane Center for Computational Biology at Carnegie Mellon University, was awarded the prestigious ...
Tracey C. Ho, Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, and colleagues' research on stateless data transmission using Random ...
Els darrers tuits de Tijana Milenkovic (@ProfMilenkovic). Professor of ... to get a PhD. As an Assistant Professor, I've been told I can't succeed in academia.
Join Facebook to connect with Yanni Sun and others you may know. Facebook ... People named Yanni Sun ... Assistant Professor at Michigan State University.
Mar 12, 2013 - Seyoung Kim, an assistant professor in the Lane Center for Computational Biology, focuses on computational genomics, population genetics ...
Jul 2, 2020 - 2010-08-01 to 2016-06-30 | Assistant Professor (Computer Science and Engineering). Employment. Source: Tijana Milenkovic. Preferred ...
Tracey C. Ho: Assistant Professor of Electrical. Engineering and Computer Science. Tracey Ho's research interests are. at the intersection of information. theory ...
View Yanni Sun's business profile as Financial Engineering at University of ... Yanni Sun Yanni Sun Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science and ...
... Cognitive and Technology, Kanpur Mentors: Juan Collar, Assistant Professor, ... Mentors: Tracey C. Ho, Assistant Geobiology, and Timothy D. Raub, Mentors: ...
Seyoung Kim - Google Scholar Citations. Good scholar.google.com. Seyoung Kim. Assistant Professor of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University.
Schafroth, IA A '96; Tracey C. Ho, MA. B '99; Rikke U. Pedersen, AZ G '99; ... assistant professor of electrical engineering at Carnegie Mellon, then moved to the ...
Tijana Milenkovic, Assistant Professor University of Notre Dame Computer Science and Engineering. Albert E. Miller, Professor University of Notre Dame
Hanna Wallach develops machine learning methods for analyzing the structure, content, and dynamics ... Assistant Professor, September 2010–January 2016.
Get Yanni Sun's email address, y****n@gmail.com. ... Yanni Sun's Email and Phone. Assistant Professor @ Michigan State University ...
Jul 21, 2014 - Tijana Milenković Assistant Professor Computer Science & Engineering University of Notre Dame Novel directions for biologi ISMB posters (O ...
Oct 29, 2014 - Research Assistant Professor. Information Sciences Institute ... Tracey C. Ho, Yu-Han Chang, and Keesook J. Han. Allerton Conference on.
Aleksandra Korolova, WiSE Gabilan Assistant Professor of Computer Science at USC working on privacy and fairness. Privacy Advisor at Snap. Previously: ...
Katherine Heller. Assistant Research Professor of Statistical Science. Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Assistant ...
Dr. Amy Williams. Assistant Professor. Dept. of Physics, Astronomy, & Geosciences. Towson University. ajwilliams "at" towson.edu. amywill "at" ucdavis.edu.
Tijana Milenkovic, associate professor of computer science and engineering, has ... Walter J. Scheirer, assistant professor of computer science and engineering, ...
May 23, 2012 - Editor's note: Shamena Anwar is an assistant professor of economics and public policy at Carnegie Mellon University; Patrick Bayer is a ...
Assistant Professor Condensed Matter and Biophysics. Department: Physics. Office: ... Assistant Professor. Department: ... Tijana Milenkovic. Associate Professor.
Aleksandra Korolova. Assistant Professor of Computer Science at USC enabling privacy-preserving and fair AI. University of Southern CaliforniaStanford ...Los Angeles, California - ‎WiSE Gabilan Assistant Professor of Computer Science - ‎University of Southern California
Tracey C. Ho Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Yizhao Thomas Hou Charles Lee Powell Professor of Applied and ...
May 23, 2012 - Editor's note: Shamena Anwar is an assistant professor of economics and public policy at Carnegie Mellon University; Patrick Bayer is a ...
Sep 20, 2019 - 1182 Likes, 6 Comments - University of Florida (@uflorida) on Instagram: “Dr. Amy Williams, assistant professor in the Department of ...
Jun 5, 1998 - ... went to Tracey C. Ho '99, the women's national pistol champion. ... Teaching went to Assistant Professor of Biology Stephen P. Bell. The Bose ...
Aleksandra Korolova is a WiSE Gabilan Assistant Professor of Computer Science at USC, where she researches algorithms and technologies that enable ...
I currently work in Professor Tijana Milenković's Complex Networks Lab (A video of my current project: ... I work in the Complex Networks (CoNe) Lab under supervision of Dr. Tijana Milenkovic. ... Assistant Professor at UC San Diego. Berkeley ...
1:06:37Debra Goldberg is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and BioFrontiers Institute at University of ...Dec 2, 2013 - Uploaded by Be Boulder Anywhere
Katherine Heller. About. I work at Google Medical Brain. I am also an Assistant Professor in ...
Shamena Anwar is an Assistant Professor at the Heinz College of Carnegie Mellon University. Hanming Fang is a Professor of Economics in the University of ...
Read writing from Aleksandra Korolova on Medium. Assistant Professor of Computer Science at USC. I develop and help deploy algorithms that enable ...
Nov 23, 2010 - Philip Klein, Claire Mathieu and Ph.D. Alum Glencora Borradaile ... and Ph.D. alum Glencora Borradaile (now Assistant Professor in the School ...
Apr 17, 2012 - Other researchers for the study, "The Impact of Jury Race in Criminal Trials," were Shamena Anwar, an assistant professor of economics and ...
Sakire Arslan Ay Clinical Assistant Professor and Assistant Director School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Washington State University
Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area - ‎Assistant Professor, Statistical Science - ‎Duke UniversityKatherine Heller. Assistant Professor, Statistical Science at Duke University. Duke UniversityUCL. Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area198 connections.
Feb 25, 2020 - Aleksandra Korolova is a WiSE Gabilan Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California (USC), where she ...
Assistant Professor, Department of Economics, 1999-2005 ... Shamena Anwar, Patrick Bayer and Randi Hjalmarsson (2014) “The Role of Age in Jury Selection.by P Bayer - ‎2016
... amount of $800,000, to Philip Klein, Claire Mathieu and Ph.D. alum Glencora Borradaile (now Assistant Professor in the School of Electrical Engineering and .
View Debra Goldberg's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Debra has 7 jobs listed on ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science.Greater Denver Area - ‎Director and CEO - ‎Cage-Free Learning
Sakire Arslan Ay, PhD. Clinical Assistant Professor and Assistant Director School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science · Washington State University
The latest Tweets from Aleksandra Korolova (@korolova). Assistant Professor @USCViterbi working on privacy and fairness. Past: Research Scientist @Google, ...
I'm an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science and (by ... Kristen Vaccaro, Tanvi Agarwalla, Sunaya Shivakumar, and Ranjitha Kumar.
Debra Goldberg is the mother of two highly twice-exceptional and wonderful ... For 7 years as an assistant professor at CU Boulder, mentored a number of highly ...
Glencora BorradaileAssistant Professor of Computer Science, Oregon State UniversityE-mail confirmado em onid.oregonstate.edu. Seguir. shay mozes.
Ranjitha Kumar. Assistant Professor. (217) 300-0953. ranjitha@illinois.edu. 4224 Siebel Center for Comp Sci. For more information. Ranjitha Kumar's home ...
May 16, 2017 - Katherine Heller is an Assistant Professor in Statistical Science at Duke University. She is the recent recipient of a Google faculty research ...
View Sakire Arslan Ay's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sakire ... Assistant Professor of Finance at Washington State University.
Glencora Borradaile. 2016Associate ProfessorUniversity Of Oregon State, Glencora Borradaile, 2016, Associate Professor, University Of Oregon State, View ...
Biography. Sanja Fidler is an Assistant Professor at University of Toronto. Prior coming to Toronto, in 2012/2013, ...
Nehal Abu-Lail, Assistant Professor Washington State ... Jennifer Adam, Assistant Professor Washington ... Sakire Arslan Ay, Assistant Professor Washington ...
Katherine Heller, PhD. WiML Senior Advisory Council ... Assistant Professor, Statistical Science & Center for Cognitive Neuroscience, Duke University.
Glencora Borradaile Assistant Professor School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University. On behalf of my co-organizers, ...
Sanja Fidler is an associate professor at the University of Toronto and Director of AI at Nvidia. ... Prior to joining the University of Toronto, she was an assistant professor at the Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago (TTIC). In 2018, she was ...Institutions‎: ‎University of Toronto‎, ‎Nvidia
Debra Goldberg, a BioFrontiers faculty member and assistant professor of Computer Science at the University of Colorado Boulder, is her subject's biggest fan.
Katherine Heller. Assistant Professor, Duke University. Website. Program Visits. Foundations of Machine Learning, Spring 2017. Workshop Organizer. Overview ...
Advisor: Debra Goldberg. Thesis: Modeling the Evolution of Protein Interaction networks. Current Position: Assistant Professor, California State University, Chico ...
View Sanja Fidler's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Sanja has 8 jobs ... Liked by Sanja Fidler ... Research Assistant Professor.
The latest Tweets from Ranjitha Kumar (@RanjithaSKumar). ‍   Assistant Professor @IllinoisCS. ‍   Chief Research Scientist @usertesting. Formerly ...
Yue is an assistant professor of supply chain management and also Dr. John Coyle Early Career Professor in Supply Chain.
Bolei ZhouAssistant Professor at The Chinese University of Hong KongVerified email at ie.cuhk.edu.hk. Hang ZhaoResearch Scientist, Waymo, MITVerified ...
12.11; Assistant Professor. Disciplines. Software Engineering · Programming Languages ... Disciplines. C · C++ · Linux environment · Sakire Arslan Ay · 6.06.
Katherine Heller is an assistant professor in Duke University's Departments of Statistical Science, Computer Science, and Electrical and Com...
View Debra Goldberg's business profile as Dental Hygienist at The Silverstrom Group. Find Debra's email address, ... Clinical Assistant Professor of Surgery.
Ranjitha Kumar is the Adjunct Assistant Professor at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) . Additionally, Ranjitha Kumar has had 1 past job as the ...
Sep 19, 2018 - Ranjitha Kumar is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC), ...
Katherine Heller is an Assistant Professor at Duke University, in the Department of Statistical Science and at the Center for Cognitive Neuroscience. Prior to joining ...
Sep 20, 2012 - Debra Goldberg, a BioFrontiers faculty member and assistant professor of Computer Science at the University of Colorad Boulder, is her ...
Yue Zhang joined the Zicklin School as an Assistant Professor of Accountancy in the fall of 2020 after earning her PhD in Accounting from the University of ...
Aug 3, 2018 - Uploaded by Borealis AISanja Fidler, an assistant professor in U of T Mississauga's department of mathematical and computational ...
Yue Zhang Assistant Professor. Education: B.S. Chemistry, Wuhan University, China Ph.D. Physical Chemistry, Wuhan University, China Post-Doc, Food ...
Assistant Professor, Computer Science, University of Wyoming. LEADERSHIP. Nov 2017 - ... Seon Ho Kim, Sakire Arslan Ay, Byunggu Yu, Roger. Zimmermann.
Also add any other names you have authored papers under. Katherine Heller ... Present. Assistant Professor. Duke University (duke.edu). 2012 – Present.
Feb 7, 2020 - Ranjitha Kumar. Chief Research Scientist, UserTesting | Assistant Professor, Computer Science Department, University of Illinois at Urbana- ...
Jul 31, 2018 - Sanja Fidler, assistant professor at University of Toronto and head of NVIDIA's new Toronto AI research lab, has made a name, in part, ...
Yue Zhang is going to join the Department of Atmospheric Sciences at Texas A&M as an assistant professor starting in January 2021. You can view more ...
May 21, 2020 - Tawanna R. Dillahunt, assistant professor of information, School of Information, and assistant professor of electrical engineering and computer ...
Ranjitha Kumar earned $105,484 in 2017 as an Assistant Professor for University of ... Other Assistant Professor s at University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign ...
Mar 7, 2019 - Tawanna R. Dillahunt. Tawanna Dillahunt is an Assistant Professor at the University of Michigan's School of Information and holds a courtesy ...
I am an assistant professor of supply chain management and Dr. John Coyle Early Career Professor in Supply Chain in the Department of Supply Chain and ...
Aug 12, 2014 - I have a dual appointment across two institutions, UIC and NYSCI: UIC Assistant Professor. Computer Science · Learning Sciences. University ...
View Magdalena Balazinska's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest ... Assistant Professor at Shahid Ashrafi Esfahani University.
Sanja Fidler received the PhD degree in computer science from the University of Ljubljana, in 2010. She is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer ...
Dec 6, 2019 - Yue Zhang works as an associate professor at Westlake University. He was an assistant professor at Singapore University of Technology and ...
Dec 2, 2019 - Magdalena Balazinska, professor in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer ... Keshet Ronen, clinical assistant professor of in the Department of ...
Tawanna R. Dillahunt. Academic Title: Assistant Professor; Name: Tawanna R. Dillahunt; Department: Department of Computer Science & Engineering ...
View Leilah Lyons' profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Leilah has 5 jobs listed on their ... Assistant Professor. University of Illinois at ...
Sanja Fidler is an Assistant Professor at University of Toronto, and a Director of AI at NVIDIA, leading NVIDIA research lab in Toronto. Previously she was a ...
Yue ZHANG, Assistant Professor of Georgia Southern University (GSU) | Read 36 publications | Contact Yue ZHANG.
Tawanna R. Dillahunt, Assistant Professor University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Electrical Engineering and Computer Science ...
Magdalena Balazinska. Photograph of Magdalena Balazinska. Professor, Paul G. Allen ... Assistant Professor, Department of Statistics. Research: Machine ...
LEILAH B. LYONS www.cs.uic.edu/~llyons Assistant Professor Director of Digital Learning Department of Computer Science • Learning Sciences New York Hall ...
Apr 18, 2015 - By Tawanna R. Dillahunt and Amelia R. Malone ... Michigan School of Information assistant professor Tawanna Dillahunt, uses interviews with ...
Presentation on theme: "Why Major in Engineering Magdalena Balazinska Assistant Professor Computer Science & Engineering July 20, 2006."— Presentation ...
View Gymama Slaughter's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional ... Assistant Professor (promoted to Associate Professor with tenure in 2010).Norfolk, Virginia - ‎Old Dominion University
Lorraine R. Buis was promoted from assistant professor to associate professor of information. Tawanna R. Dillahunt, Predrag Klasnja, Silvia Lindtner and Daniel ...
Dr. Dongfang Zhao, Assistant Professor Department of Computer Science and ... University of Washington, Seattle, WA; Dr. Magdalena Balazinska, Professor
Leilah Lyons. Assistant Professor, Computer Science & the Learning Sciences||Director of Digital Learning, Asistant Professor / Director of Digital Learning.
He Ma ·Sakire Arslan Ay ·Roger Zimmermann · ... Sakire Arslan Ay is a clinical assistant professor with the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer.by H Ma - ‎2013 - ‎Cited by 24 - ‎Related articles
View Yue Zhang's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Yue has 4 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and ...United States - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Georgia Southern University
Gymama Slaughter. Assistant Professor at Virginia State University. University of Maryland Baltimore County. Richmond, Virginia Area3 connections.Richmond, Virginia Area - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Maryland Baltimore County
Tawanna R. Dillahunt. School of Information. University of Michigan ... Sheena Erete is an assistant professor in the College of Computing and Digital Media at ...by A Israni - ‎Cited by 15 - ‎Related articles
52:58Magdalena Balazinska, assistant professor, Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington ...Apr 28, 2014 - Uploaded by UW Video
2013 - present Assistant professor, Computer Science Department, Columbia University ... *Note: some published under my former name, Allison Bishop Lewko.
Magdalena Balazinska. Jean Loup Baer ... Assistant Professor, Department of Applied Mathematics ... Jevin West. Assistant Professor, Information School ...
Sakire Arslan AYWashington State University School of Electrical ... Deepak GangadharanAssistant Professor, IIIT HyderabadVerified email at iiit.ac.in.
Jessica RobertsAssistant Professor, School of Interactive Computing, Georgia Institute of TechnologyVerified email at gatech.edu. Priscilla Fernanda Jimenez ...
Gymama SLAUGHTER, Associate Professor of University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Maryland (UMBC) | Read 85 publications | Contact Gymama ...
... working with Assistant Professor Magdalena Balazinska who works in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Washington.
Allison Bishop Lewko, Department of Computer Science Columbia University, I am an assistant professor in the computer science department at Columbia ...
6 days ago - To be assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University. ... Jingjing Wang, Tobin Baker, Magdalena Balazinska, Daniel Halperin, Brandon ...
14 Matches - Tawanna R Dillahunt from Hillsboro, OR 97123 age 75 ... Tawanna Dillahunt listed as a Assistant Professor at University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, ...
2018 - present Adjunct assistant professor, Computer Science Department, Columbia ... *Note: some published under my former name, Allison Bishop Lewko. 1.
From 2008-2013 I was an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science department at ... Gary B. Huang, Marwan Mattar, Tamara Berg, and Erik Learned-Miller.
View Maria Konte's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Maria has 3 jobs listed on their ... Assistant Professor at University of Virginia.Greater Atlanta Area - ‎Research Scientist - ‎Georgia Institute of Technology
Allison Bishop Lewko ... Postdoctoral Researcher, UC Berkeley & Microsoft Research; Hemanta Maji, (Center Fellow, UCLA 2014-2015), Assistant Professor, ...
Gymama Slaughter, assistant professor, came to UMBC and built her Bioelectronics Laboratory (BEL@UMBC) from the ground up. Her lab combines different ...
Dr. Gymama Slaughter, assistant professor of computer science and electrical engineering, runs UMBC's Bioelectronics Laboratory (BEL@UMBC), which.
View Eytan Adar's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business ... Assistant Professor at University of Michigan. Santa Barbara, CA.
Maria Konte. Research Scientist I ... Adjunct Assistant Professor. Neha Kumar. Assistant Professor, Joint with Sam Nunn School of International Affairs ...
Assistant Professor. Allison Bishop Lewko. A small line becomes a page of random characters. The original code becomes bit by bit multi- plication matrices.by Y ERLICH
Aug 16, 2018 - Gymama Slaughter has been tapped to lead the Center starting August ... Slaughter began her academic career as an assistant professor at ...
Dr. Jacek Rak is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer ... by Tal Malkin, Vladimir Kolesnikov, Allison Bishop Lewko, Michalis Polychronakis. ﻿.by J Rak - ‎2015 - ‎Cited by 111 - ‎Related articles
Leilah Lyons's email address l******@nysci.org 718565.... | Show email ... Work, Assistant Professor @ University of Illinois at Chicago Assistant Professor ...
Sep 29, 2017 - Gymama Slaughter, an associate professor of computer science and electrical ... She joined UMBC as an assistant professor in 2010.
Eytan Adar. Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Engineering and Associate Professor of Information, School of ...
1 Dynamics of Online Scam Hosting Infrastructure Maria Konte, Nick ... (Ph.D. student) Nick Feamster (Assistant Professor) School of Computer Science.
Eytan Adar is an Assistant Professor of Information and Computer Science at the University of Michigan. He works on temporal-informatics which is the study of ...
Leilah Lyons holds a dual appointment, as Director of Digital Learning Research at the New York Hall of Science and as an Assistant Professor in Computer ...
Bernhard Haeupler received his PhD at MIT and is currently an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon Uni- versity. ... Yevgeniy Dodis and Allison Bishop Lewko.
Mar 29, 2018 - Guest Speaker Series - Gymama Slaughter, University of Maryland, ... She then joined Virginia State University as an Assistant Professor in ...
Eytan Adar is an Assistant Professor of Information and Computer Science at the University of Michigan. He works on temporal-informatics which is the study of ...
UMBC's Gymama Slaughter wowed TEDxBaltimore this month with her research on implantable ... Slaughter, assistant professor of computer science and …
Ashutosh Saxena, Assistant ProfessorCornell University. 4:00pm · SEP. 24 ... Allison Bishop Lewko, Ph.D. CandidateUniversity of Texas at Austin. 4:00pm · MAR.
Assistant Professor. Phone. Email ... Robert L. Turner's peers at other companies are Tony Gatlin, Vindhya Udhane, Maria Konte, Edward Wright, Karen Carter.
I am currently the Allen K. and Johnnie Cordell Breed Assistant Professor of ... of Information, where I worked with Eytan Adar (advisor), Priti Shah, and others.
Tamara Denning. Assistant Professor School of Computing University of Utah. tdenning@cs.utah.edu. Twitter: @tamaradenning ...
Meyer is currently an assistant professor in the School of Computing and a faculty member in the Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute. Current ...
Assistant Professor. Georgia ... Maria Konte, Roberto Perdisci, and Nick Feamster. ASwatch: An AS ... Maria Konte, Nick Feamster, and Jaeyeon Jung. Dynamics ...
Mar 14, 2014 - Leilah Lyons is an Assistant Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago and Director of Digital Learning at the New York Hall of Science.
Eytan Adar University of Michigan<span style="white-space: pre;"> </span> United States. Assistant Professor, School of Information. Michael Cafarella
Jul 17, 2012 - Eytan Adar is an Assistant Professor of Information and Computer Science at the University of Michigan. He works on temporal-informatics ...
Huijia (Rachel) Lin ... I spent 5 years as an assistant professor at the Computer Science Department at the University of California, Santa Barbara, from 2014 to ...
View Miriah Meyer's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of Utah; Co-Founder at datavisyn.
Leilah Lyons is an Assistant Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago and Director of Digital Learning at the New York Hall of Science. Gallery / Videos.
Miriah Meyer. Assistant Professor at The University of Utah. Portrait of Miriah Meyer. Address: Room: Phone: tel: E-Mail: v. Website: ...
View Boyana Norris' profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Boyana has 3 jobs listed on ... Assistant Professor. University of Oregon.
Boyana NORRIS, Assistant Professor of University of Oregon, Oregon (UO) | Read 132 publications | Contact Boyana NORRIS.
Miriah Meyer is an assistant professor at the University of Utah, where she runs the Visualization Design Lab. Her work focuses on designing visualizations for ...
Assistant Professor Boyana Norris has been awarded a grant of $30,000 from the Women in Science & Technology Fund of the College of Arts and Sciences to ...
Chapel Hill, North Carolina - ‎Associate Professor - ‎University of North Carolina at Chapel HillView Cynthia Sturton's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Cynthia ... Cynthia Sturton. Associate ... Assistant Professor. University of ...
Aug 25, 2014 - Boyana Norris is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Science at the University of Oregon (UO) where she ...
Jan 11, 2019 - Cynthia Sturton is an Assistant Professor and Peter Thacher Grauer Fellow at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She leads the ...
Brad J. Nolen, Assistant Professor University of Oregon Department of Chemistry. Boyana Norris, Assistant Professor University of Oregon Department Computer ...
Jul 1, 2019 - Tanzima Islam, an SC18 ECP participant and an assistant professor at ... Boyana Norris, SC19 Early Career Program Committee Member.
Jul 1, 2014 - Short Bio: Boyana Norris is an Assistant Professor of Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Oregon, since Sept. 2013.
Assistant Professor. Department of Cell, Developmental & Cancer Biology. OHSU. Friday, Oct 12th. Hosted by: Department of. Biomedical Engineering. Boyana ...
Jessica Hammer. Thomas and Lydia Moran Assistant Professor of Learning Science. Human-Computer Interaction Institute ...
Jessica Hammer is an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon's Human-Computer Interaction Institute and Entertainment Technology Center. She teaches ...
Mar 21, 2019 - Cynthia Sturton, assistant professor of computer science and Peter Thacher Grauer Fellow, had already been developing ways to prevent ...
Cynthia Sturton is an Assistant Professor and Peter Thacher Grauer Fellow at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She leads the Hardware Security ...
Tamara L. Berg is a tenured associate professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel ... She was an assistant professor at Stony Brook University from 2008 to 2013 before joining University of North Carolina Chapel Hill in 2013.
Cynthia Sturton is an Assistant Professor and Peter Thacher Grauer Fellow at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She leads the Hardware Security ...
Tamara Lee Berg. ,. Tamara L. Berg. ,. Tamara Berg. Suggest Name ... Assistant Professor. University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill. Present. Shopagon, LLC.
She is currently an assistant professor at UNC Chapel Hill. Prior to that, she was an assistant ... Also published under: Tamara Berg, T. L. Berg. Publications. 30.
Jan 28, 2019 - Led by Cynthia Sturton, an assistant professor in the department of computer science, the UNC team has been looking at ways to use ...
(Tamara Berg),. Much of ... From 2008-2013 I was an Assistant Professor in the Computer Science department at Stony Brook University and core member of the ...
Tamara Berg's email address b******@gmail.com 646509.... | Show email ... Assistant Professor @ University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Education, 2001 ...
About: Tamara Berg received her B.S. in Mathematics and Computer Science ... Chapel Hill as an Assistant Professor and was promoted to tenured Associate ...
Dr. Tamara Berg believes clothing and style have a direct connection to our ... As an assistant professor at Stony Brook University, she found herself in the heart ...
Katrina Ligett, Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Economics, is a recipient of a 2014 Okawa Foundation Research Grant for her research project ...
Katrina Ligett (HUJI). Apr 29. ... She was previously an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Economics at Caltech. Prior to joining Caltech, Katrina ...
View Katrina Ligett's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Katrina has 3 ... Assistant Professor Of Computer Science and Economics.Jerusalem, Israel - ‎The Hebrew University of Jerusalem
From 2011-2017, Katrina was an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Economics at Caltech. Katrina has been affiliated with programs at the Simons ...
Katrina Ligett, Computer Science,Hebrew University, Katrina Ligett is an ... From 2011-2017, Katrina was an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and ...
Katrina Ligett is an American computer scientist. She is Assistant Professor of computer science and economics at the California Institute of Technology. She is ...
Brief bio: Katrina Ligett is an assistant professor of computer science and economics at Caltech. Before joining Caltech in 2011, she received her PhD from ...
Oct 10, 2012 - A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release. Katrina Ligett Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Economics
Katrina Ligett. 职称:Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Economics. 所属学校:California Institute of Technology. 所属院系:Computer Science.
Before joining CU Boulder, Alexandra Kolla was an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Mar 1, 2018 - Prior to joining us in Boulder, Alexandra was an assistant professor at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. How would you explain your ...
Assistant Professor of Computer Science, University of Illinois Urbana Champaign - ‪Cited by 508‬ - ‪Theory of Computer Science‬
Alexandra Kolla is an associate professor in the Computer Science Department at CU Boulder. Before joining CU Boulder, she was an assistant professor in the ...
CS Assistant Professor Alexandra Kolla recently received an NSF CAREER award to better understand the limitations of approximation algorithms for solving...
Alexandra Kolla. I am an Assistant Professor at the Computer Science Department at UIUC. I got my PhD at U.C. Berkeley. My advisor was Umesh Vazirani.
Alexandra Kolla Assistant Professor University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign akolla[ta]illinois[td]edu www.cs.illinois.edu/homes/akolla/. Alexandra Kolla ...
Alexandra Kolla earned $108,312 in 2017 as an Assistant Professor Asst Prof for U of I at Urbana/Champaign. Kolla earned more than 69.87% of employees in ...
Academic Title: Assistant Professor; Name: Alexandra Kolla; Department: Department of Computer Science; Department Website: Institution: University of Illinois, ...
There are 8 salary records for Alexandra Kolla with 2 different job titles from 2 employers. ... Assistant Professor University of Illinois At Urbana-Champaign, 2017 ...
Tempe, Arizona - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎Arizona State UniversityView Jingrui He's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Jingrui has 6 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn ...
Jingrui He. Assistant Professor. Computer Science Department. Stevens Institute of Technology. Hoboken, N.J. 10598. Phone: 201-216-5358. Fax: 201-216- ...
Apr 18, 2018 - Jingrui He is an assistant professor in School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision Systems Engineering at Arizona State University. She ...
Jan 14, 2013 - Jingrui He has joined the Computer Science Department as an Assistant Professor. She received her PhD from Machine Learning Department ...
Join Facebook to connect with Jingrui He and others you may know. Facebook gives people the ... Assistant Professor · August 2014 to present · Tempe, Arizona.
Assistant Professor Jingrui He is looking to create new algorithms and theories that will address this challenge. He's research will take three forms. First is to ...
May 21, 2018 - Tong's team for the project, which includes fellow computer science faculty Assistant Professor Jingrui He and Professor of Practice Nadya Bliss ...
Lead: Jingrui He | Updated 6/28/2018. MCS. Big Data ... 12. Creators. Jingrui He is an assistant professor in the School of Computing, Informatics, and Decision.
Munmun De Choudhury is currently an assistant professor at the School of Interactive Computing, Georgia Tech. Munmun's research interests are in ...
Munmun De Choudhury is an Assistant Professor in the School of Interactive Computing, and is affiliated with the GVU Center. Her research interests are in the ...
Munmun De Choudhury. Georgia Institute of Technology. Verified email at gatech.edu - Homepage · Computational Social ScienceSocial ComputingMental ...
Feb 21, 2019 - Munmun De Choudhury is an assistant professor in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Tech, where she directs the Social ...
Munmun De Choudhury is an Assistant Professor in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Tech. She is also affiliated with the GVU Center at Georgia ...
Munmun De Choudhury is currently an assistant professor at the School of Interactive Computing, Georgia Tech and a faculty associate with the Berkman Center ...
Assistant Professor (Tenure-Track), Jan 2014—July 2020 ... Curriculum Vitae | Munmun De Choudhury | Last Updated: May 2020. 2. Honors and. Awards.
Munmun De Choudhury is an assistant professor in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Tech where she directs the Social Dynamics and Wellbeing ...
Finale Doshi-Velez. Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. Profile. Finale Doshi-Velez is a John L.
Assistant Professor of Computer Science. Science Center 316.04 finale@seas.harvard.edu. Finale Doshi-Velez. Shield. Joining · Publications · HOME / ...
Finale Doshi-Velez is an assistant professor in Computer Science at the Harvard Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
May 14, 2019 - Finale Doshi-Velez, Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences ...
Finale Doshi-Velez is an associate professor of computer science at Harvard University. ... at Harvard Medical School, and is an assistant professor at Harvard University's John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.Institutions‎: ‎Harvard University
Finale Doshi-Velez is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the Harvard Paulson School of ...Sep 29, 2017 - Uploaded by TEDx Talks
... Harvard assistant professor of computer science Finale Doshi-Velez shared insights on the overlap between ...Mar 22, 2017 - Uploaded by Stanford University School of Engineering
Finale Doshi-Velez, PhD. WiML Senior Advisory Council; http://finale.seas.harvard.edu/. Assistant Professor, Computer Science, Harvard University. //. WiML.
Finale Doshi-Velez is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Harvard University. She is excited about methods to turn data into actionable knowledge.
Marshini Chetty is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Chicago, where she co-directs the Amyoli Internet Research ...
Marshini Chetty is an Assistant Professor in the iSchool at University of Maryland, College Park (UMD) in the field of Human-Computer Interaction. She is also a ...
About. I am an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department at the University of Chicago. My expertise is in Human Computer Interaction (HCI) and ...Chicago, Illinois - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of Chicago
New Assistant Professor Marshini Chetty uses the multidisciplinary toolbox of HCI to empower and inform internet users about privacy and safety, keep...
New Assistant Professor Marshini Chetty uses the multidisciplinary toolbox of HCI to empower and inform internet users about privacy and safety, keep...
Marshini Chetty's email address m******@gmail.com | Show email & phone >>> ... Marshini Chetty's email. Assistant Professor @ The University of Chicago ...
Aug 14, 2020 - Marshini Chetty · @ineffablicious. Assistant Professor in Computer Science Dept at UChicago. Interests in HCI, all things Internet related, ...
57:30Bio: Marshini Chetty is an Assistant Professor in the College of Information Studies at the University of ...Nov 11, 2014 - Uploaded by CITP Princeton
Shubhangi Saraf. Assistant Professor. Email: ss1984@cs.rutgers.edu. Grant Awards: ... PI: Shubhangi Saraf | NSF. 02/01/2014 to 01/31/2019. $321,410.00 ...
Shubhangi Saraf. Assistant Professor, Rutgers University. Website. Program Visits. Lower Bounds in Computational Complexity, Fall 2018. Workshop Organizer.
Shubhangi Saraf Assistant professor. Department of Computer Science and Department of Mathematics Rutgers University shubhangi[td]saraf[ta]rutgers[td]edu
Shubhangi Saraf Assistant professor. Department of Computer Science and Department of Mathematics Rutgers University shubhangi[td]saraf[ta]rutgers[td]edu
Charles M. Ruggieri, Assistant Professor Rutgers University ... Sevil SALUR, Assistant Professor Rutgers ... Shubhangi Saraf, Assistant Professor Rutgers ...
Sep 9, 2014 - Shubhangi Saraf, Assistant Professor, Dept.of Mathematics and Dept. of Computer Science, Rutgers University. Abstract: In the last few years ...
Aug 23, 2020 - Visiting Assistant Professor of Mathematics ... and Nikodym sets in three dimensions with Ben Lund and Shubhangi Saraf, SIDMA, 2018.
View Shubhangi Saraf-Phalke's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Shubhangi has 2 ... Area, India. Image for Assistant Professor ...
THEORY SEMINAR, Shubhangi Saraf, MITTitle: High rate error correcting codes with ... Assistant Professor Kasper Green Larsen joins the Young Academy.
Assistant Professor Cindy Rubio Gonzalez. Department of Computer Science 2063 Kemper Hall University of California Davis, CA 95616. Email: crubio AT ...
Cindy Rubio Gonzalez CAMPOS Faculty Scholar (2014-2015) and Assistant Professor of Computer Science. December 9, 2015. Dr. Rubio Gonzalez is a ...
View Cindy Rubio González's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Cindy has 1 job listed on their profile. See the complete profile on ...Berkeley, California - ‎Assistant Professor - ‎University of California, Davis
Jun 24, 2015 - Cindy Rubio Gonzalez is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Davis. Prior to that position, she was a ...
Bio: Cindy Rubio-González is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Davis. Prior to that position, she was a Postdoctoral ...
Congratulations to assistant professor Cindy Rubio-González for being named a 2020 Better Scientific Software Fellow! She is one of three scientists and...
Aug 11, 2014 - In this post, we feature PL researcher Cindy Rubio Gonzalez, who is starting as an assistant professor at the University of California, Davis in ...
Oct 20, 2019 - Cindy Rubio González · @cindy_rubio. Assistant Professor of Computer Science University of California, Davis. Davis, CA.
UC Davis Assistant Professor Cindy Rubio-González has received an Early Career Award from the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. August 26 ...
Assistant Professor, Department of Computer Science. North Carolina State University, ... Blair D. Sullivan, October 2019. 2. Honors. Moore Investigator in ...
Blair D. Sullivan, Ph.D. Associate Professor of Computer Science ... Assistant Professor of Systems Biology and Biophysics. Kimberly Reynolds, Ph.D.
Copy link to Tweet; Embed Tweet. Replying to @dgleich. Blair D. Sullivan Retweeted Clement “I beat COVID19” Chow. Assistant professor at the U is also very ...
Oct 28, 2016 - Now Blair D. Sullivan, she is a faculty member at North Carolina ... the NC State Department of Computer Science as an assistant professor.
Apr 3, 2014 - Dr. Blair D. Sullivan, assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at North Carolina State University, was recently awarded a ...
Nov 13, 2013 - Dr. Blair D. Sullivan, assistant professor of computer science at NC State University, has been named a 2014 National Consortium for Data ...
Blair D. Sullivan is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State University, bringing structural graph theory and algorithms to the ma.
Blair D. Sullivan is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at… Blair D. Sullivan is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at North Carolina State ...
Bio: Blair D. Sullivan is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science at North Carolina State University. She is a member of the Data-Driven ...
Just ask School of Computing assistant professor Shaundra Daily, who pursued engineering degrees while participating in competitive dance. That diverse ...
Shaundra Daily, Self: The Secret Life of Scientists and Engineers. Dr. Daily is an Assistant Professor in the School of Computing at Clemson University.
(From left) Assistant professor Shaundra Daily, Professor Juan Gilbert, and students Phillip Hall and Shelby Darnell of Clemson's School of Computing. Find this ...
Jan 19, 2015 - Assistant professor of computing Shaundra Daily — a dancer herself — is working with colleagues in dance education and computer science; ...
Shaundra Daily's email address s******@gmail.com 864656.... | Show email & phone >>> ... Assistant Professor @ Clemson University. Education, 2005 2010 ...
Feb 14, 2014 - Bio Sketch: Dr. Shaundra Daily is an Assistant Professor in the Human-Centered Computing. Division in the School of Computing at Clemson ...
Aug 22, 2013 - Shaundra Daily of Clemson University develops computer tools to help ... Daily, who is assistant professor in Clemson University's school of ...
Back to Faculty Directory. Phillipa Gill. Research Assistant Professor. Department of Computer Science Stony Brook University Stony Brook, NY 11794-2424.
View Phillipa Gill's profile on LinkedIn, the world's largest professional community. Phillipa ... Liked by Phillipa Gill ... Assistant Professor of Computer Science.
So Gill, now an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, built a set of new measurement tools to detect and quantify ...
Phillipa Gill is an Assistant Professor in the College of Information and Computer Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Prior to joining University ...
Phillipa Gill worked as an Assistant Professor for the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass) and in 2016 had a reported pay of $35323.14.
Phillipa Gill is an assistant professor in the Computer Science Department at the University of Massachusetts -- Amherst. Her work focuses on many aspects of ...
